https://mediaarea.net/MediaConch,MediaConch,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://mediaarea.net/en/MediaInfo,MediaInfo,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://3dcinecast.blogspot.com/,3D CineCast,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.avalpa.com/the-key-values/15-free-software/33-opencaster,Opencaster,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://developers.canal-plus.com/,Canal+,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.sonicvisualiser.org/,Sonic Visualiser,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/msmeter/,BBC Media Storage Meter,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://gqrx.dk/,Gqrx SDR,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.xiph.org/flac/,FLAC,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tech.ebu.ch/publications/tech3388,EBU Tech 3388,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://coolmic.net/,Cool Mic,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/project-x/,Project X,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://iperf.fr/,iPerf3,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.opendigitalradio.org,ODR-mmbTools,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.darkice.org/,DarkIce,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tsduck.github.io/,TSDuck,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.kfrlib.com/,KFR,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://lame.sourceforge.io/,Lame,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos,Networked Media Open Specifications,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://libav.org/,LibAV,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://osmocom.org/projects/rtl-sdr/wiki/rtl-sdr,rtl-sdr,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos-testing,AMWA NMOS Testing Tool,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.welle.io/,welle.io,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://techblog.netflix.com/,The Netflix Tech Blog,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://icecast.org/,Icecast,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://befinitiv.wordpress.com/wifibroadcast-analog-like-transmission-of-live-video-data/,WiFiBroadcast,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/opencore-amr/,opencore-amr,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/mxflib/,MXFLib,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://developer.blender.org/diffusion/,Blender,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.casparcg.com/,CasparCG,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://youtube-eng.googleblog.com/,Youtube Engineering and Developers Blog,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.kamailio.org/,Kamailio,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.opus-codec.org/,Opus,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.electronjs.org/,Electron,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://jt-nm.org/jt-nm_tested/,JT-NM Tested,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://jamesharrison.github.io/openob/,OpenOB,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://ccextractor.sourceforge.net/about-ccextractor.html,CCExtractor,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.nodecg.dev/,NodeCG,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://turingcodec.org/,Turing Codec,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://hub.docker.com/r/rhastie/nmos-cpp,NVIDIA NMOS Docker,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tech.ebu.ch/publications/tech3370,EBU-TT Live,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.twolame.org/,TwoLame,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/snowmix/,Snowmix,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://ossia.io/,ossia,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://libretime.org/,LibreTime,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.nikse.dk/SubtitleEdit,Subtitle Edit,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://ebu.io/project/cpa,Cross-Platform Authentication,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.liquidsoap.info/doc.html,documentation,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://tallyarbiter.com/,TallyArbiter,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.pjsip.org/,PJSIP,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://danielnoethen.de/,butt,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://bbc.github.io/tal/,TAL,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://sox.sourceforge.net/,SoX,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.pogo.org.uk/~mark/trx/,trx,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://owncast.online/,https://owncast.online/,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://gpac.wp.imt.fr/home/,GPAC,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.bbc.co.uk/rd,BBC R&D,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/dvbinspector/,DVB Inspector,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://idjc.sourceforge.net/,IDJC,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.videolan.org/projects/dvblast.html,DVBlast,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.mpg123.de/,mpg123,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://openbroadcaster.com/,OpenBroadcaster,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://www.gnuradio.org/,GNU Radio,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://waveform.prototyping.bbc.co.uk/,Peaks.js,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://www.vlc.org,VLC,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://sourceforge.net/projects/bmxlib/,BMXlib,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tech.ebu.ch/docs/tech/tech3293.pdf,EBUCore schema,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tech.ebu.ch/publications/tech3293,EBU Tech 3293,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tech.ebu.ch/publications/tech3364,Audio Definition Model,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://plugin.org.uk/meterbridge/,JACK Meterbridge,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
http://kokkinizita.linuxaudio.org/linuxaudio/downloads/index.html,Jmeters,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting
https://tech.ebu.ch/publications/r128,EBU R 128,https://github.com/ebu/awesome-broadcasting#readme,Broadcasting