https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/contributor-on-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-code-folding/lefcpjbffalgdcdgidjdnmabfenecjdf,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/refined-github/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/whats-new-on-github/ldleapnlgbkpkabhbkkeangmnfpikahe,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lovely-forks/ialbpcipalajnakfondkflpkagbkdoib,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/npmhub/kbbbjimdjbjclaebffknlabpogocablj,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/notifier-for-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-issue-link-status/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/fr/firefox/addon/whats-new-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/octotree/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://stefanbuck.com/blog/codeless-contributions-with-github-issue-forms,Codeless Contributions with GitHub Issue Forms,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/lovely-forks/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/npm-hub/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-repository-size/apnjnioapinblneaedefcnopcjepgkci,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/octolenses/ghlblfakaklgkdmfejdlffbmpcaidoci,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/refined-github-/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://stefanbuck.com/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github,web version,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-code-folding,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-plus/anlikcnbgdeidpacdbdljnabclhahhmd,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/zenhub-for-github/ogcgkffhplmphkaahpmffcafajaocjbd,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/material-icons-for-github/bggfcpfjbdkhfhfmkjpbhnkhnpjjeomc,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://apps.apple.com/app/npmhub/id1542090429,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-story-points/fdhfdpafombnahpjjjcfopmehfofbdko,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-custom-tab-size/jcjfkmdkcaopkioccnpbhiemfcmpnghe,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/advanced-github-notifier/?src=external-awesome,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-octolenses/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/enhanced-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://www.zenhub.com/extension,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/material-icons-for-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/xhub/anidddebgkllnnnnjfkmjcaallemhjee,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/enhanced-github/eibibhailjcnbpjmemmcaakcookdleon,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-story-points/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/material-icons-for-github/khckkdgomkcjjnpgjmdmbceiddlmiolb,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/autoviewed/occcjmolphcfebdeichmoflmfgeefjef,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/diff-navigator-for-github/aoojogkiedabnddmokieplfnmjehlneo,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://apps.apple.com/app/id1519867270,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/octolinker/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gitako-github-file-tree/giljefjcheohhamkjphiebfjnlphnokk,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/codewing-github-code-navi/njkkfaliiinmkcckepjdmgbmjljfdeee,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gifs-for-github/dkgjnpbipbdaoaadbdhpiokaemhlphep,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-user-languages/kikdmnikeponomghepmfipgiijlmfhfl,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/module-linker/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/diff-navigator-for-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gitako-github-file-tree/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/octotree/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/gitako-github-file-tree/alpoloddcggjhakjemghahlkofjekbca,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/codeflower/mnlengnbfpfgcfdgfpkjekoaeophmmeh,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/file-icons-for-github-and/ficfmibkjjnpogdcfhfokmihanoldbfe,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ifdbipohclgnokjgpejhnbjdlgjkkhom,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/my-git-repo-news/bpijgihicffjpcnjndpcdicohomlfbhp,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gifs-for-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-user-languages/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/old-school-github/blkkkhifjoiedclojflfcenbjigdajeb,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/render-whitespace-on-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/githubexpandinizr/cbehdjjcilgnejbpnjhobkiiggkedfib,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/notifications-preview-for/kgilejfahkjidpaclkepbdoeioeohfmj,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-highlight-selected/lhiklbgjcblimmjjflobpncgihagcmbj,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/codeflower/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gifhub-pull-request/gfjohbpkkbbflchpioebapldlmiflfho,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-writer/diilnnhpcdjhhkjcbdljaonhmhapadap,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/old-school-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://reviewpad.com,Semantic Code Reviews,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/notifications-preview-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/git-history-browser-exten/laghnmifffncfonaoffcndocllegejnf,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-hovercard/mmoahbbnojgkclgceahhakhnccimnplk,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/coderstats-link-for-githu/necogepejonacpphmlmcagmbjaogpbng,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-writer/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/open-github-in-ide/bmifnnfmccmleigpaolofacllndmfned,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gitpod-dev-environments-i/dodmmooeoklaejobgleioelladacbeki,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/semantic-code-reviews/dclabbgfnbmjodobfdhindnleidefmda,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/notifier-for-github/lmjdlojahmbbcodnpecnjnmlddbkjhnn,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-history/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/coderstats/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-vscode-icons/hoccpcefjcgnabbmojbfoflggkecmpgd,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/open-github-in-ide/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/octolinker/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sourcegraph/dgjhfomjieaadpoljlnidmbgkdffpack,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/gitpod/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-csv-diff/dojeallnmgbmdjoboklnojkdfenfgiek,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/contributors-on-github/cjbacdldhllelehomkmlniifaojgaeph,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-vscode-icons/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pr-monitor/pneldbfhblmldbhmkolclpkijgnjcmng,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://apps.apple.com/app/octolinker/id1549308269,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/github-hovercard/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/sourcegraph-for-firefox/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/lbbanfffjfmfdahnfbklminikafhcjjb,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://www.producthunt.com/posts/github-saved-filters,Github Saved Filters,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/pr-monitor/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-issue-link-status/nbiddhncecgemgccalnoanpnenalmkic,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/sourcegraph-for-safari/id1543262193,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/octopermalinker/bcnkgcoohaaaclieohdlkphgfinkgbfm,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-saved-filters/pmkbippobcmchabghaeonfbbcncjhmjm,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/potential-changes-for-git/neehipoljbecacjcgcceflmlikiadkob,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-original-streak/jgfeifpakohnblfnjdpigclinhbkocja,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8046710,Don't link to line numbers in GitHub,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/potential-changes-for-github/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/github-original-streak/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/octotree/bkhaagjahfmjljalopjnoealnfndnagc,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.opera.com/it/extensions/details/github-original-streak/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hacker-tab/ibomigipadcieapbemkegkmadbbanbgm,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hide-files-on-github/lpnakhpaodhdkleejaehlapdhbgjbddp,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/hide-files-on-github-/,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/isometric-contributions/mjoedlfflcchnleknnceiplgaeoegien,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/like-on-github/fbkngleiiccokoifohhjhlagkejlphkj,,https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github#readme,Browser Extensions