https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D5HgI4IH10,The Rise of ChatOps,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://skoczen.github.io/will/,Will,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://speakerdeck.com/jimmycuadra/the-rise-of-chatops,slides,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCVvYCjvoZI,ChatOps: Augmented Reality for Ops,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://ab.bot,Abbot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://hal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/adapters/irc.html,adapter,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Heo5YtRikds,Living in the Future with ChatOps,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://aws.amazon.com/chatbot/,AWS ChatBot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
http://www.slideshare.net/geshan/embrace-chatops-stop-installing-deployment-software-larcon-eu-2016,slides,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.pagerduty.com/blog/what-is-chatops/,ChatOps,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIMOFnfdOx0,ChatOps with PowerShell and Errbot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36fkyKYq43c,ChatOps with PoshBot and PowerShell,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://speakerdeck.com/esigler/living-in-the-future-with-chatops,slides,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://docs.opsdroid.dev/en/stable/connectors/rocketchat.html,connector,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFkfMn2P8ysA,Incident Management from the Future,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://marbot.io/,marbot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://slack.dev/bolt/concepts,Bolt,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
http://blogs.atlassian.com/2016/01/what-is-chatops-adoption-guide/,What is ChatOps? A guide to its evolution, adoption, and significance,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://cloud.app.box.com/s/xm8ni5b61iyuk0nclq7jcvtkhkzcepdx,slides,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://victorops.com/chatops-for-dummies/,ChatOps For Dummies,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://guide.getgort.io/,Gort,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
http://errbot.io/,Errbot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAvvR4g9fodNAS61Ep_XnMg,ChatOps San Francisco YouTube Channel,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gh-vYprIo7c,Installing Hubot on Windows with PowerShell DSC,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ3UfwBACIo,Embrace ChatOps, stop installing deployment software,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://hal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/adapters/slack.html,adapter,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://muffinista.github.io/chatterbot/,Chatterbot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
http://www.infoworld.com/article/3062703/devops/how-chatops-can-revolutionize-your-business.html,How ChatOps can revolutionize your business,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://hal.readthedocs.io/,Hal,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://hal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/adapters/campfire.html,adapter,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.lita.io/,Lita,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://orangematter.solarwinds.com/2015/12/16/8-reasons-why-chatops-isnt-working-at-your-company/,8 Reasons Why ChatOps Isn't Working At Your Company,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://victorops.com/knowledge-drop/devops-docs/chatops-managing-operations-group-chat/,ChatOps – Managing Operations in Group Chat,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://opsdroid.github.io/,Opsdroid,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://web.archive.org/web/20180323063754/http://blog.librato.com/posts/chatops-critical,When ChatOps Goes From Cool to Critical,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://hal.readthedocs.io/en/latest/adapters/hipchat.html,adapter,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://leanpub.com/automation-and-monitoring-with-hubot,Automation and Monitoring with Hubot,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://medium.com/ibm-garage/better-living-through-chatops-df66872893e7,Better Living Through ChatOps,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.arresteddevops.com/chatops/,ChatOps Extravaganza With Jason Hand, Sasha Rosenbaum, And Peter Burkholder,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
http://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/11/02/chatops-with-jason-hand/,ChatOps with Jason Hand,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://medium.com/ibm-garage/making-a-virtual-war-room-the-journey-to-chatops-eaaecd83873c,Making a Virtual War Room — the Journey to ChatOps,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NST3u-GjjFw,ChatOps at GitHub,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.reddit.com/r/chatops/,/r/chatops,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://speakerdeck.com/jnewland/chatops-at-github,slides,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhzxnY7FIvg,ChatOps: Technology and Philosophy,https://github.com/exAspArk/awesome-chatops#readme,ChatOps