https://vhp.github.io/terminal_velocity/,Terminal velocity,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://getpocket.com,Pocket,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://nicolargo.github.io/glances,Glances,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://6xq.net/pianobar/,pianobar,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://www.passwordstore.org,pass,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
http://moc.daper.net/,moc,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://ledger-cli.org/,ledger,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://cmdchallenge.com,cmdchallenge,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://gitlab.com/ajak/tuir,tuir,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://tools.suckless.org/sent/,sent,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://mpv.io,mpv,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://calcurse.org/,calcurse,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://www.explainshell.com/,explainshell,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
http://harelba.github.io/q/,q,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://dianne.skoll.ca/projects/remind/,remind,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
http://www.figlet.org/,figlet,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://mosh.org/,mosh,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://www.nongnu.org/renameutils/,renameutils,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://transmissionbt.com,transmission-cli,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://gitlab.com/FixFromDarkness/organize-rt,organize-rt,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://imagemagick.org,imagemagick,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
http://www.bay12games.com/dwarves/,Dwarf Fortress,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://cataclysmdda.org,Cataclysm-DDA,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://surge.sh,surge,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://neomutt.org,NeoMutt,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://seashells.io/,seashells.io,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
https://www.teleconsole.com/,teleconsole,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps
http://vicerveza.homeunix.net/~viric/soft/ts/,task-spooler,https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-cli-apps#readme,Command-Line Apps