https://creativecommons.org/licenses/,Creative Commons licenses,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://www.compfight.com/,Compfight,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://mixkit.co/,Mixkit,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://www.geonames.org/,Geonames,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://500px.com/creativecommons,500px's Creative Commons Search,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://archive.org/details/audio,Audio Archive,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://creativity103.com/,Creativity103,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://bandcamp.com/tag/creative-commons,Bandcamp,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://www.plos.org/,PLOS,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://free-loops.com/,free-loops,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://imagebase.net/,ImageBase,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://www.freesound.org/,freesound,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://www.europeana.eu/portal/,Europeana,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://www.freemusicarchive.org/,Free Music Archive,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://www.morguefile.com/archive/,Morgue File,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://ocw.mit.edu,MIT OpenCourseWare,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://incompetech.com/music/,Incompetech,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://fontlibrary.org/en/search?license=CC-BY,CC-BY,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://www.openintro.org/,OpenIntro,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://jamendo.com,Jamendo,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://www.tribeofnoise.com/,Tribe of Noise,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://fontlibrary.org/en/search?license=CC-BY-SA,CC-BY-SA,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://allthefreestock.com/,AllTheFreeStock,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://www.openstaxcollege.org/,OpenStax College,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://www.p2pu.org/en/,P2PU,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://photopin.com/,Photo Pin,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://www.skillscommons.org/,Skills Commons,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://photos8.com/,Photos8,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://soundcloud.com/search/sounds?filter.license=to_share,Soundcloud's Creative Commons Search,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://thenounproject.com/,The Noun Project,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://vimeo.com/creativecommons,Vimeo's Creative Commons Search,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
http://commons.wikimedia.org/,Wikimedia Commons,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://wikipedia.org,Wikipedia,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media
https://xkcd.com/,XKCD,https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme,Creative Commons Media