https://pasc.nanopool.org/,https://pasc.nanopool.org/,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://xmr.nanopool.org/,https://xmr.nanopool.org/,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://instaex.io,InstaEx,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://amzn.to/2xadkYk,Asrock H110 Pro BTC+ Mining Motherboard,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://thecoinperspective.com,The Coin Perspective,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.myetherwallet.com/,MyEtherWallet ETH,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://zec.nanopool.org/,https://zec.nanopool.org/,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://bcoin.io,bcoin,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://etc.nanopool.org/,https://etc.nanopool.org/,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.tokenary.io/,Tokenary ETH&ERC20 Tokens,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://mapofcoins.com,Map of Coins,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://2miners.com/zcl-mining-pool,https://2miners.com/zcl-mining-pool,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://2miners.com/zen-mining-pool,https://2miners.com/zen-mining-pool,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://exchangerates.pro,ExchangeRates.Pro,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.tezos.com,Tezos,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://diyhpl.us/~bryan/papers2/bitcoin/,A massive collection of white papers,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://2miners.com/zec-mining-pool,https://2miners.com/zec-mining-pool,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://cryptocurrencyhub.io/,CryptoCurrencyHub,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://tendermint.com,Tendermint,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.buildblockchain.tech/newsletter/issues/,Build Blockchain,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-reference,Bitcoin Developer Reference,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://sia.tech/apps/,Sia UI,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://cosmos.network,Cosmos,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/,r/CryptoCurrency,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://bitmainwarranty.com/product-category/hosting/,BitMain Hosted,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-August/010712.html,URI scheme for Blockchain exploration,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://lbry.io,LBRY,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.coinbase.com/join/516f7e9a929bda3e06000001,Coinbase BTC,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://debank.com/,DeBank,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://miner.nicehash.com/?refby=386829,NiceHash Miner,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://macminer.fabulouspanda.com/macminer/,MacMiner,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://medium.com/@coinandcrypto,Coin & Crypto,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://macminer.fabulouspanda.com/commandline/,bfgminer,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://hackernoon.com/@dan.jeffries,Daniel Jeffries,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
http://amzn.to/2wl1c9j,NVidia GTX 1080 TI OC,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://golden.com/wiki/Cluster%3A_Blockchain_%26_cryptocurrency,Golden Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Cluster,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://whattomine.com,WhatToMine,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://eth.nanopool.org/,https://eth.nanopool.org/,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptocurrency,cryptocurrency,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://vinnylingham.com/,Minessence,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://medium.com/crypto-oracle,CryptoOracle,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://cryptopay.me/join/03db9c17,Cryptopay BTC Debit Card,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Register?referrer=kennethreitz,trade,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.nicehash.com/?refby=386829,mine,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://wikileaks.org,Wikileaks,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://archive.org,Internet Archive,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://xkcd.com,xkcd,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://coinmarketcap.com,CoinMarketCap,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://coinscanner.co/,CoinScanner.co,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://walletgenerator.net,WalletGenerator.net,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://cryptosteel.com,Cryptosteel,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://www.binance.com,Binance,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms
https://bittrex.com,Bittrex,https://github.com/Zheaoli/awesome-coins#readme,Crypto Currency Tools & Algorithms