https://progdisc.club/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Z8jmyvb,Homebridge,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ekgFE4s,Code::Together,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/YXvuN8X,Climate Science,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/algorithms,CP Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://vuetifyjs.com/en/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/4ujeheG,Fitbit,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Y8Mqbkk,JS Programming Language Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/mPZNm7A,Laravel,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/KbDHDez,Ruby,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/VQjSZaeJmf,FastAPI,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
http://www.hackintoshx86.co.uk/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/0uZpB8GgRvoU12Ta,Swift,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/EfCYAJW,AMD OS X,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/qvGgnVx,Doom Emacs,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://gridsome.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.opensuse.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/jZQs6Wu,Eddie Jaoude Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/rCMKcUU,C# Inn,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/dbe5NnA,r/CodingHelp,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/RkGjW93,SpaceUpTech,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/32ZNZVN,Hacker101,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/PxwHvBS,Discord Gophers,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/DA9qDXF,Coders Craft,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/TrNtY7N,Organizr,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/YudDZtb,Homework Help,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://homebridge.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://codeforces.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/axq6qWV,Armory,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5nwrTwJ,Metrix Market,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/UUt2PJb,storybook,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://vapor.codes/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/KCNDp9m,PINCE,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/JHHcHp5,seed-rs,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://gdevelop-app.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://forum.amiga.org,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/Uq7r6kF,/r/AndroidRoot,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/gewCYyN,Linux For All,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/aRUAYFN,The Rebble Alliance,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedev/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/xiaomi,Xiaomi Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/reasonml,ReasonML,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/AghnYbMjYg,GamingOnLinux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/UgzHNZF,Fomantic-UI,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://amd-osx.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/4amsQJ7,Tenancy,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/mr5hVu8,Files,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/RXNsMXc,Ärorust,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/typescript,TypeScript Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/jcwJEJH,Ubuntu Hideout,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.hackerone.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/dave2d,Dave2D,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/SrJEYjq,Amulius - Embedded Engineering,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/b3dvQ9b,Nuxt.js,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/uHrVx5Z,Entitas,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://linuxgsm.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/CodingHelp/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://armory3d.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/UjzuHMU,FlyByWire Simulations,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/NRnrWE7,r/DataIsBeautiful,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/virtualreality,Virtual Reality,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/eF3Wjsd,Computer Science,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/b2kTasd,r/HomeKit,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/HrzAhUu,Shortcuts,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/0uEuWH3spjck73Lo,Haxe,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.metrixcoin.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
http://homework-help.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/EDA6M3R,CryptoDevs,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/HDyqM2n,Programming Language Development,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/homelab,Homelab,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/gamedesign,/r/GameDesign,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/4EEkWjS,Apple Betas,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://reasonml.github.io/en/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/aVESxV8,Rust Programming Language Community Server,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://rebble.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://storybook.js.org/community/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://ubuntuhideout.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/androidroot/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/TnJ4h5K,r/unixporn,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.gatsbyjs.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://haxe.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vlang,The V Language & Apps,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://corniflex.itch.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/VkzNHUE,raylib,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://Lospec.com/Discord,Lospec,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/googlepixel,r/GooglePixel,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/vDcEjq6,AdonisJS Framework,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/code,The Coding Den,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.gamingonlinux.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/brackeys,Brackeys,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/zH7NUgz,Godot Engine,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://files-community.github.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://tenancy.dev/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/HomeKit/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/gMUk5Ph,Bevy Engine,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://organizr.app/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/zSaDzRW,InfoSec & Coding,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/K6XHBSh,Functional Programming,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://chat.nano.org/,Nano,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/science,Science and Technology,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://seed-rs.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5TDhbDg,Quasar Framework,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/jQJFwW7,Arduino,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/cryptodevs/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/dAF4F28,SpeakJS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/FVBUKzD,/r/machinelearning,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVYamHliCI9rw1tHR1xbkfw,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://fomantic-ui.com,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/7knjvhT,ReactOS Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://together.codes/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/shortcuts/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/N7Yshp4,/r/FlutterDev,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/nPEHdsyjDg,Smartwatch,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/6HqD48s,opentk,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/homelab/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://spaceuptech.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/linuxgaming,Linux Gaming,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/SpmNs4S,Tauri Apps,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://nano.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/iOSBeta/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/unreal-slackers,Unreal Slackers,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://vlang.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/gitea,Gitea,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://lospec.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/unity,Official Unity Discord,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://bevyengine.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/hhk46CE,Lisp,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/VQck8X4,Yew,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/QYZQfZ6,cs50,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/V75WSQG,The Odin Project,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/eaPVRW3,The Data Share,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/MrhPdhn,Arch Linux [unofficial],https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/C9aK28N,Invertase OSS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/Q8YsA7S,LOCKE,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.raylib.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/VzThBmB,Pi-Hole,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/engineeringstudents,/r/EngineeringStudents,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/c6JN9fM,Testing Library,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://adonisjs.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/b8YJQPx,microsoft-python,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/microsoft,Microsoft Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5ssDFZS,Low-Level Programming,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/nthXNEv,Go Ethereum,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/iphone,r/iPhone,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/android,Android Discord,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://opentk.net/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/assemblyscript,AssemblyScript,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/grakn,Grakn,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Mx5qafB,AppDaemon,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vertcoin,Vertcoin - Official,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://javadiscord.net,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/Pnt5CuY,Lutris,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/devcord,Devcord,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/t6rrQZH,Pallets Project,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/T7AMQUM,r/ChromeOS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/HPdmz4P,Pixel Art,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://quasar.dev/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://unrealslackers.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/rGwhXJv,CS Career Hackers,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://yew.rs,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/8RJBHbX,Construct Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/CbVJYtz,Artificial Intelligence,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/7wu7ZsW,Lua Scripters,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Uq7gcHh,QMK,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://rnfirebase.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/xdhEgD5,Cryb,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Fedora,Fedora Linux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/python,Python,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/XbbWAsE,Unsupported Macs,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/6mgNGk7,Graphics Programming,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://iphonediscord.info,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Km5VzKj,Assemblers Assemble,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/yBQKN5b,JetBrains Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://arduino.cc/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/G7Qnnhy,NestJS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://devcord.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/UyepRMm,Panda3D,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/infosec,Շђє ๓คภץ ђคՇร Ċ̵͕l̶̀͘u̸̍͝b̵͌͐,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/QFhTxqN,deCONZ,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://msft.chat/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/chromeos/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/EngineeringStudents/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.theodinproject.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/v9QMy9D,Clojurians,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/uuwK9EV,ProtonDB Official Server,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/a6zm2T8,RPCS3,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/cryengine,CRYENGINE Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/directx,DirectX,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/apple,r/Apple,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
http://invite.ers.repair/,Electronics Repair School,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/zM5pgrc,The Design Collective,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/HBherRA,Vue Land,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/luvit,Luvit.io,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://testing-library.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/gamedev,Game Dev League,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/blender,OpenVFX: The Blender Hub,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/hVtnwGd,Together Java,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/oneplus,r/oneplus,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://geth.ethereum.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.edx.org/course/cs50s-introduction-to-computer-science,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.assemblyscript.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/engineerman,EngineerMan,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/sentdex,Sentdex,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/anXTEZk,docsify,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/bVVbSqQ,Raspberry Pi,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/svhXktFkAG,*nix nest,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/fYkvJNQ,Aerospace & Mech Eng,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/sysadmin,/r/sysadmin,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/programming,The Programmer's Hangout,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/directx/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://cryb.app/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/GJ4r8a8,NodeCG,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.includecpp.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://palletsprojects.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://grakn.ai/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/EhaMzy2,XDA-Developers,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/PSfAu8N,Reverse Engineering,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/KhAMKrd,ESPHome,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/Apple,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/XtmMN6E,Shadertoy,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/yarnpkg,yarnpkg,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vuematerial,Vue Material,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/3fnPSjA,Flarum,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/wiki/developers,official wiki,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/BacbVax,Mathematics,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/iphone/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://qmk.fm/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://jetbrains-community.github.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/deno,Deno,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://medium.com/the-design-collective,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/53u3EKq,WebAssembly,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://themanyhats.club/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5FBsBHU,Adafruit,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/discord-linux,Discord Linux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/djPtTRJ,Kivy,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Z3bERWA,LBRY Foundation,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Ks2Kzd4,Tasmota,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://getfedora.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://forum.xda-developers.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://rpcs3.net/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/J5hBe8F,C++ Help,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/92yyRb2,cascading-style-sheets,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/GSeTUeA,Appwrite,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/reactiflux,Reactiflux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/YWrKVTn,Linuxserver.io,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/N5jVwsg,Physics,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5XRWTj9,TTRPG Design and Playtesting,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Nu59kq5,The Cyber Mentor,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/2t5mdCz,EGOIST OSS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/qWUgeUk,r/Samsung,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/docusaurus,Docusaurus,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/electron,electron,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://gamedevleague.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik,Freepik,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Dfba7Yb,AmigaDev,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vUsrbjd,Nodeiflux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vy75f7W,CyberSecLabs Lounge,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/TUr9RDU,Cardano Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/diytech,DIY Tech,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.protondb.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/RXmPkPJ,MS Paint IDE,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/9pfb5ZB,Linux Café,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCooKQlg-HZ0PFAPc4Ymg3RA,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://tasmota.github.io/docs/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Gentoo,Gentoo Linux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.twitch.tv/thecybermentor,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/jb,r/Jailbreak,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/yy75DKs,Svelte,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/7NF8GNe,Tailwind CSS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/RPGdesign/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5vkPupa,Amulius - Engineering  & Chill,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/uz8JDW9,The Spot,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.flaticon.com/authors/pixel-buddha,Pixel Buddha,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/epMSc7Mpvt,Blitz.js,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vG7nVX5,Amazon Web Services (AWS Cloud),https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/QwSdffq,Biological Sciences,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/samsung/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/gdn,Game Dev Network,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/Wxam8aH,/r/Hackintosh Paradise,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vrd6385,Steam ROM Manager,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://flarum.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://poi.js.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/user/sentdex,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.linuxserver.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reactiflux.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.cyberseclabs.co.uk/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/2aE2Nfq,Project North Star,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.cryengine.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.gentoo.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vnyVmAE,Together C & C++,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ltt,LTT Official,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/homeautomation,/r/Home Automation,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://svelte.dev/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://tailwindcss.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/NyseBeK,zigbee2mqtt,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/beczNYP,Whitehat Hacking,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrUL8K81R4VBzm-KOYwrcxQ,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/2pER6dq,Data Engineering,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://blitzjs.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/W8v5EK2,Electrical Engineering,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://ms-paint-i.de/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/eexdsFw,Chemistry,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ppy,osu!dev,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/amethyst,Amethyst,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://electronjs.org,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ysDu8W3,WordPress,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://appwrite.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/64MVzQX,TensorFlow,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/solidjs,SolidJS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/By6u9pC,GameMaker,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/csharp,C#,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/5VhYVkR,Grav,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/enginehub,EngineHub,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://theprogrammershangout.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/hackintosh/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://reddit.com/r/linuxcafe,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/plex,/r/Plex,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/j2Mtcny,BootstrapVue,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/homeautomation/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/EVVtPpw,Linux Mint Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/NEt4Pv7,UIkit,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/defcon,DEFCON,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/elixir,Elixir Language,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/emx3W4Z,Real Engineering Discord,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/aJwTAgS,Garbage Collectors,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.cardano.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ohmyzsh,ohmyzsh,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://ppy.sh/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://v2.docusaurus.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://developer.leapmotion.com/northstar,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.thespot.design/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://kivy.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/3gQGJQA,WordPress Chat,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://tauri.studio,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/8szcydm,ESLint,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.panda3d.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/qc89CQkX7j,Hackintosh x86 & Tech,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ECJk293,TES3MP,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/uypdG2h,disease.sh,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/gatsby,Gatsby,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/S4tQnUB,GHIDRA,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/keD8rZp,webdev and web_design,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/gamemaker/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://bootstrap-vue.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/c5DvZ4e,Home Assistant,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/UYNaemm,Data Science,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://solidjs.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/trDvARJ,Official Commodore 64,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/user/LinusTechTips,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://elixir-lang.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/zav3EkW,EtherGem / EGEM & SFRX,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.amethyst.rs/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/48Zxcpy,Programmers Palace,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/wu3qBST,KivyMD,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
http://discord-csharp.github.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://vertcoin.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/RnCtsqD,Operating System Development,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ZTtMfvK,Blink,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://vuematerial.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/reddit-gamedev,Reddit /r/gamedev,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vrchat,VRChat,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/PleX/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/emberjs,emberjs,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://getuikit.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/Aak7YGU,Adobe Systems Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/dvwXA2N,Data Version Control,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://enginehub.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://tes3mp.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/ZkdFJMr,Buefy,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/rjdYHvj,GDevelop,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/t6GJuTC,Manjaro Linux,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://codeberg.org/LinuxCafeFederation,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/MZwg5cQ,Monitor Enthusiasts,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/6ckxWYm,Ren'Py,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/010z0Kw1A9ql5c1Qe,Programming,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/rust-lang,The Rust Programming Language,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/2kHwpfe,Vuesax,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://dvc.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://blink.sh/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://egem.io/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/hasura,HasuraHQ,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/TPpQv2H,Official Commodore Amiga,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vapor,VAPOR,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/mMRrZQW,Manim,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.gg/D2cNrqX,/r/AndroidDev,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://buefy.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/usAgsbK,VKx,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/librenms,LibreNMS,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/tokio,Tokio,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCl72hvzwQ0rXUMBKTsKjRAA,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/openSUSE,openSUSE,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/9zT7NHP,Programming Discussions,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/KxkjDVg,IntellectualSites,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://lusaxweb.github.io/vuesax/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/daeay6n,Gridsome,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/Monitors/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/s93b7Fv,Vuetify,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.manim.community,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.librenms.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://ghidra.re/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://media.defcon.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://vrchat.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://tokio.rs/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/pcmr,PC MASTER RACE,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/vt9DJSW,dimforge,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.reddit.com/r/androiddev/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/scala,Scala,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
http://www.renpy.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://intellectualsites.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.scala-lang.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/n5dJvPp,Twine Games,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://www.dimforge.com/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/UM4VTpK,LinuxGSM,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://twinery.org/,,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities
https://discord.com/invite/bu3bbby,Unity Developer Community,https://github.com/mhxion/awesome-discord-communities#readme,Discord Communities