https://phrase.com/lp/github-student-package/,Phrase,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://simpleanalytics.com/students,Simple Analytics,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://github.atom.io/,Atom,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://iconscout.com/github-students,Iconscout,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://student.sqlsmash.com/,SQLSmash,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.thinkful.com/github-student-developer-pack/,Thinkful,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.axure.com/edu,Axure RP,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://bip.sh/students,Bip,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://symfonycasts.com/github-student,SymfonyCasts,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://bip.sh/pricing,on all plans,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://developer.kaltura.com/github-student-developer-pack,Kaltura,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://pushbots.com/for/education/,PushBots,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://next.tech/github-students,next.tech,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://themeisle.com/github-students,Themeisle,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://my.vertabelo.com/sign-up/create-academic,Vertabelo,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://nc.me,NameCheap,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.educative.io/github-students,Educative,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://wisej.com/github-studentpack/,Wisej,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://get.tech/students,.tech,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.eversql.com/github-students/,EverSQL,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.atlassian.com/software/views/bitbucket-academic-license.jsp,Bitbucket,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.nodehost.ca/teachers,NodeHost,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.invisionapp.com/education-signup,Invision,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.use-together.com/github-students/,USETogether,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.interviewcake.com/github-students,Interview Cake,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.jetbrains.com/student/,JetBrains IDE pack,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://flashdrive.io,FlashDrive.io,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.unrealengine.com/education,Unreal Game Engine,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://apply.githubcampus.expert/,Github Campus Experts,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://weglot.com/github-students/,Weglot,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://codecov.io/github-students,Codecov,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://netlicensing.io/github-students/,Netlicensing,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.autodesk.com/education/free-software/featured,Autodesk Software,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.adafruit.com/github-students,Adafruit,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://blog.qoddi.com/flashdrive-student-program/,every student,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.name.com/partner/github-students,name.com,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.sqlgate.com/student-pack,SQLGate,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://software.intel.com/en-us/qualify-for-free-software/student,IntelÂ® Parallel Studio XE 2015,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.mapbox.com/education/,Mapbox,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://deepnote.com/education,Deepnote,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://app.datree.io/github-student-pack,Datree,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/buy/students.html,Adobe Creative Cloud,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.studentappcentre.com/discounts/1password,1Password,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.canva.com,Canva,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://framerjs.com/pricing/,Framer,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.transifex.com,Transifex,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.tabnine.com/students,Tabnine,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://imgbot.net/github-students/,Imgbot,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.dashlane.com/students,Dashlane,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://icons8.com/github-students,Icons8,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://acho.arnold.cf/,Acho Arnold,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://vaadin.com/student-program,Vaadin,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://restyled.io/github-students,Restyled,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.figma.com/education/,Figma,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.arduino.cc/github/students,Arduino Education,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://carto.com/help/getting-started/student-accounts/,CARTO,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://xamarin.com/student,Xamarin IDE,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.git-tower.com/students/github,Tower,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.digitalocean.com,Digital Ocean,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.tableau.com/academic/students,Tableau Desktop,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.roboform.com/promotions/college,RoboForm,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://namecheap.com/,NameCheap,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/community/,Visual Studio Community 2017,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://pomodoneapp.com/pomodoro-timer-for-students.html,PomoDone,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.shodan.io/,Shodan,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.gitkraken.com/github-student-developer-pack,GitKraken,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://hackhands.com/education/,HackHands,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.sas.com/en_us/software/university-edition.html,SAS University Edition,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://studentpack.datadoghq.com/,Datadog,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://bootstrapstudio.io/pages/student-license,Bootstrap Studio,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.rosehosting.com,RoseHosting,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://hazeover.com/github-students.html,HazeOver,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://evernote.com/students,Evernote,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://sendgrid.com/partner/github-education,Send Grid,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.sas.com/en_us/industry/higher-education/on-demand-for-academics.html,SAS OnDemand Academic,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://app.cryptolens.io/user/githubstudent,Cryptolens,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://sentry.io/for/education/,Sentry,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://in.mathworks.com/academia/student_version.html,MATLAB,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://testmail.app/github-students,Testmail.app,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://azureforeducation.microsoft.com/en-us/Institutions,Azure for Students,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://transloadit.com/github-students/,Transloadit,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.rosehosting.com/linux-vps-hosting.html,managed Linux VPS,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://termius.com/education,Termius,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://workingcopy.app/education/,Working Copy,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://appfigures.com/landing/github-student,Appfigures,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.algolia.com/lp/github/,Algolia,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://blog.alt-three.com/introducing-the-student-plan/,StyleCI,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://bettercodehub.com/github-student-developer-pack,Better Code Hub,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.logdna.com/blog/get-a-free-logdna-account-in-the-github-student-developer-pack,LogDNA,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.rosehosting.com/linux-shared-hosting.html,Shared hosting plans,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://docs.semaphoreci.com/account-management/discounts/,Semaphore,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://shiftedit.net/,ShiftEdit,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://support.loom.com/hc/en-us/articles/360006579637-Loom-Pro-Free-for-Students-and-Teachers/?ref=codegena.com,Loom Pro,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.netwise.co.uk/students/,Netwise,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://configcat.com/student,ConfigCat,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://blackfire.io/students,Blackfire.io,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://repl.it/site/github-students,Repl,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.twilio.com/blog/twilio-perks-students-and-educators-now-available-github-education,Twilio,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.siteground.com/students-plan.htm,SiteGround,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://bitnami.com,Bitnami,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.gitpod.io/github-student-developer-pack/,GitPod,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.awseducate.com/application,Amazon Web Services,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.siteground.com/shared-hosting-features.htm,StartUp plan,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.getastra.com/github-student-developer-pack,Astra,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://developer.ibm.com/students/,IBM Student Developer Community,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://heroku.com/github-students,Heroku,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.browserstack.com/github-students,BrowserStack,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.figure-eight.com/,Figure Eight,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://yellowcircle.net,Yellow Circle,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://www.vertabelo.com/,Vertabelo,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://exploratory.io/,Exploratory,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
http://astah.net/student-license-request,Astah,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://www.acm.org,Association of Computing Machinery with Digital Library,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://frontendmasters.com/welcome/github-student-developers/,Frontend Masters,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://onemonth.com/github/students,One Month,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://flatironschool.com/github-student-pack/,Flatiron School,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers
https://gorails.com/github-students,GO RAILS,https://github.com/AchoArnold/discount-for-student-dev#readme,Discounts for Student Developers