https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._R._R._Tolkien,J.R.R. Tolkien,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Herbert,Frank Herbert,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percy_Jackson_%26_the_Olympians,Percy Jackson,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C._L._Moore,C. L. Moore,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Bunyan,John Bunyan,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discworld,Discworld,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._P._Lovecraft,H.P. Lovecraft,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Riordan,Rick Riordan,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia,The Chronicles of Narnia,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Pratchett,Terry Pratchett,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C._S._Lewis,C.S. Lewis,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Miller_(comics),Frank Miller,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.npr.org/2011/08/11/139085843/your-picks-top-100-science-fiction-fantasy-books,top 100 sci-fi and fantasy books as picked by NPR listeners,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/45545-codex-alera,Codex Alera,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0944947/,Game of Thrones,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083630/,The BeastMaster,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43790-a-song-of-ice-and-fire,A Song of Ice and Fire,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_R._R._Martin,George R.R. Martin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/3995.Emily_Rodda,Emily Rodda,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Butcher,Jim Butcher,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085542/,Fire and Ice,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://m.imdb.com/title/tt1869454/,Good Omens,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15998999-the-mage-and-the-master-spy,The Mage and the Master Spy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/hu/book/show/32841081-lady-of-the-lake,The Lady of the Lake,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13813.A_Darkness_At_Sethanon,A Darkness at Sethanon,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13659.Tales_from_Earthsea,Tales from Earthsea,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44659.Pawn_of_Prophecy,Pawn of Prophecy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://burntfen.com,Richard Littauer,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17261174-delilah-dirk-and-the-turkish-lieutenant,Delilah Dirk and the Turkish Lieutenant,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2.Harry_Potter_and_the_Order_of_the_Phoenix,Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5607976/,His Dark Materials,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18393.The_Fires_of_Merlin,The Fires of Merlin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/902715.Before_They_Are_Hanged,Before They Are Hanged,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/887858.Divided_Allegiance,Divided Allegiance,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12652457-the-broken-eye,The Broken Eye,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14201.Jonathan_Strange_Mr_Norrell,Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120737/,The Fellowship of the Ring,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1166599.The_Gathering_Storm,The Gathering Storm,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20958632-the-darkest-part-of-the-forest,The Darkest Part of the Forest,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/478951.The_Bonehunters,The Bonehunters,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/140671.The_Black_Company,The Black Company,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Susanna_Clarke,Susanna Clarke,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28187.The_Lightning_Thief,The Lightning Thief,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6437061-the-hundred-thousand-kingdoms,The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15783514-the-ocean-at-the-end-of-the-lane,The Ocean at the End of the Lane,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holly_Black,Holly Black,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28260587-empire-of-storms,Empire of Storms,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/234225.Dune,Dune,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7137788-under-the-dome,Under The Dome,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Kingkiller_Chronicle,The Kingkiller Chronicle,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/233649.The_Great_Hunt,The Great Hunt,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091203/,Highlander,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Rothfuss,Patrick Rothfuss,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4052886/,Lucifer,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/601238.The_Colour_of_Magic,The Colour of Magic,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/lt/book/show/36099978-season-of-storms,Season of Storms,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/155238.The_Forests_of_Silence,The Forests of Silence,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_King,Stephen King,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/509797.The_Magician_s_Nephew,The Magicianâ€™s Nephew,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15999003-inherit-the-night,Inherit the Night,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4593587.Tony_Cliff,Tony Cliff,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167261/,The Two Towers,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43531-gentleman-bastard,The Gentleman Bastards Series,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Lynch,Scott Lynch,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102034/,Highlander II: The Quickening,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29396.Furies_of_Calderon,Furies of Calderon,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3006802/,Outlander,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/587582.Queen_of_Sorcery,Queen of Sorcery,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13658.The_Other_Wind,The Other Wind,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18394.The_Mirror_of_Merlin,The Mirror of Merlin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085811/,Krull,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7332.The_Silmarillion,The Silmarillion,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1.Harry_Potter_and_the_Half_Blood_Prince,Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29467232-the-blood-mirror,The Blood Mirror,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17316.Oath_of_Gold,Oath of Gold,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0167260/,Return of the King,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/944076.Last_Argument_of_Kings,Last Argument of Kings,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/101949.The_Wizard_Knight,The Wizard Knight,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Stormlight_Archive,The Stormlight Archive,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings,The Lord of the Rings,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68427.Elantris,Elantris,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/459064.Reaper_s_Gale,Reaper's Gale,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8253920-towers-of-midnight,Towers of Midnight,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0460681/,Supernatural,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/106.Dune_Messiah,Dune Messiah,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/153008.Kushiel_s_Dart,Kushiel's Dart,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brandon_Sanderson,Brandon Sanderson,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31450852-tower-of-dawn,Tower of Dawn,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1018117.Smith_of_Wooten_Major_and_Farmer_Giles_of_Ham,The Smith of Wooten Major,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28186.The_Sea_of_Monsters,The Sea of Monsters,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Potter,Harry Potter,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacqueline_Carey,Jacqueline Carey,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/400881.Shadows_Linger,Shadows Linger,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Witcher,The Witcher,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34897.The_Dragon_Reborn,The Dragon Reborn,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7235533-the-way-of-kings,The Way of Kings,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._K._Rowling,J.K. Rowling,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13496.A_Game_of_Thrones,A Game of Thrones,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrzej_Sapkowski,Andrzej Sapkowski,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/150739.Dealing_with_Dragons,Dealing with Dragons,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/386372.Mort,Mort,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18630542-seconds,Seconds,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119494.The_Lake_of_Tears,The Lake of Tears,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/41452-farseer-trilogy,The Farseer Trilogy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/186074.The_Name_of_the_Wind,The Name of the Wind,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091369/,Labyrinth,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093779/,The Princess Bride,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robin_Hobb,Robin Hobb,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17332218-words-of-radiance,Words of Radiance,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patricia_Wrede,Patricia C. Wrede,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/100915.The_Lion_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe,The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/133664.Academ_s_Fury,Academ's Fury,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan_Lee_O%27Malley,Bryan Lee O'Malley,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34002132-oathbringer,Oathbringer,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1405406/,The Vampire Diaries,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44688.Magician_s_Gambit,Magician's Gambit,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29588376-the-lies-of-locke-lamora,The Lies of Locke Lamora,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18395.The_Wings_of_Merlin,The Wings of Merlin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1605783/,Midnight in Paris,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0963966/,The Sorcerer's Apprentice,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/49021976-rhythm-of-war,Rhythm of War,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5907.The_Hobbit,The Hobbit,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wheel_of_Time,The Wheel of Time,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/112.Children_of_Dune,Children of Dune,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2315892.Best_Served_Cold,Best Served Cold,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/92623.Orsinian_Tales,Orsinian Tales,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Jordan,Robert Jordan,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/136251.Harry_Potter_and_the_Deathly_Hallows,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40874032-vicious,Vicious,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earthsea,Earthsea,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/938544.Toll_the_Hounds,Toll the Hounds,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mistborn_series,Mistborn,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/V._E._Schwab,V.E. Schwab,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ursula_K._Le_Guin,Ursula K. Le Guin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33590260-kingdom-of-ash,Kingdom of Ash,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7743175-a-memory-of-light,A Memory of Light,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6497026.Nathan_Fairbairn,Nathan Fairbairn,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119493.City_of_the_Rats,City of the Rats,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43493-the-malazan-book-of-the-fallen,The Malazan Book Of The Fallen,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/400906.The_White_Rose,The White Rose,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0814255/,Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/228665.The_Eye_of_the_World,The Eye of the World,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40603587-the-last-wish,The Last Wish,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9539.The_Shadow_Rising,The Shadow Rising,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5311514/,Your Name - Kimi no na wa(Original title),https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1215032.The_Wise_Man_s_Fear,The Wise Man's Fear,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven_Erikson,Steven Erikson,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/3.Harry_Potter_and_the_Sorcerer_s_Stone,Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5180504/,The Witcher,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29394.Cursor_s_Fury,Cursor's Fury,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/116296.Making_Money,Making Money,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/84119.The_Horse_and_His_Boy,The Horse and His Boy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45107.Assassin_s_Apprentice,Assassin's Apprentice,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Zelazny,Roger Zelazny,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brent_Weeks,Brent Weeks,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/645023.Castle_of_Wizardry,Castle of Wizardry,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6294.Howl_s_Moving_Castle,Howl's Moving Castle,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/561456.The_Titan_s_Curse,The Titan's Curse,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34.The_Fellowship_of_the_Ring,The Fellowship of the Ring,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_Wynne_Jones,Diana Wynne Jones,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5580390/,The Shape of Water,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119698/,Princess Mononoke,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/211584-the-daevabad-trilogy,The Daevabad Trilogy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/14686.The_King_of_Elfland_s_Daughter,The King of Elfland's Daughter,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9300768-the-heroes,The Heroes,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4703427-dust-of-dreams,Dust of Dreams,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39913349-the-black-bull-of-norroway,The Black Bull of Norroway,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40604556-red-seas-under-red-skies,Red Seas Under Red Skies,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S._A._Chakraborty,S. A. Chakraborty,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60510.Poison_Study,Poison Study,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119490.The_Shifting_Sands,The Shifting Sands,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maria_V._Snyder,Maria V. Snyder,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4929.Kafka_on_the_Shore,Kafka On the Shore,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/hr/book/show/24709918-sword-of-destiny,Sword of Destiny,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Plunkett,_18th_Baron_of_Dunsany,Lord Dunsanay,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13642.A_Wizard_of_Earthsea,A Wizard of Earthsea,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haruki_Murakami,Haruki Murakami,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13895.The_Fires_of_Heaven,The Fires of Heaven,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/187065.New_Spring,New Spring (prequel),https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10572.A_Clash_of_Kings,A Clash of Kings,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0253556/,Reign of Fire,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68428.The_Final_Empire,The Final Empire,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/113540.Shadow_Games,Shadow Games,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/66797.Smith_of_Wootton_Major_Farmer_Giles_of_Ham,Farmer Giles of Ham,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30169100-the-burning-white,The Burning White,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/346087.Captain_s_Fury,Captain's Fury,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4407.American_Gods,American Gods,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44687.Enchanters_End_Game,Enchanters End Game,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55399.Gardens_of_the_Moon,Gardens of the Moon,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15881.Harry_Potter_and_the_Chamber_of_Secrets,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neil_Gaiman,Neil Gaiman,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0417299/,Avatar: The Last Airbender,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0245429/,Spirited Away,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68487.Royal_Assassin,Royal Assassin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/121749.Prince_Caspian,Prince Caspian,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15241.The_Two_Towers,The Two Towers,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2120932.The_Battle_of_the_Labyrinth,The Battle of the Labyrinth,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/164599-the-nevernight-chronicle,The Nevernight Chronicle,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32718027-the-city-of-brass,The City of Brass,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18941223-the-princess-and-curdie-illustrated,Princess and the Curdie,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8447255-the-crippled-god,The Crippled God,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2890090-the-republic-of-thieves,The Republic of Thieves,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay_Kristoff,Jay Kristoff,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_MacDonald,George MacDonald,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6043781-blood-of-elves,Blood of Elves,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Riftwar_Saga,The Riftwar Saga,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/68429.The_Well_of_Ascension,The Well of Ascension,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8210856/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1,Cursed,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/700349.The_Saga_of_Eric_the_Viking,The Saga of Eric the Viking,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7896527-throne-of-glass,Thorn of Glass Series,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raymond_E._Feist,Raymond E. Feist,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/41474-the-book-of-the-new-sun,The Book of the New Sun,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35231.Lord_of_Chaos,Lord of Chaos,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarah_J._Maas,Saraah J. Maas,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Jones,Terry Jones,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7165300-the-black-prism,The Black Prism,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12067.Good_Omens,Good Omens,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_Wolfe,Gene Wolfe,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/15307132.Cat_Seaton,Cat Seaton,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Foreman_(author/illustrator),Michael Foreman,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2903736-princeps-fury,Princeps' Fury,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/62291.A_Storm_of_Swords,A Storm of Swords,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/400900.Dreams_of_Steel,Dreams of Steel,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/sl/book/show/18924206-the-time-of-contempt,Time of Contempt,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/268187.Lilith,Lilith,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/426504.Ficciones,Ficciones,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8074907-the-thorn-of-emberlain,The Thorn of Emberlain,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119495.Dread_Mountain,Dread Mountain,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jorge_Luis_Borges,Jorge Luis Borges,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5.Harry_Potter_and_the_Prisoner_of_Azkaban,Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13662.The_Tombs_of_Atuan,The Tombs of Atuan,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13521459-red-country,Red Country,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2767793-the-hero-of-ages,The Hero of Ages,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7989199.Kit_Seaton,Kit Seaton,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39988431-the-kingdom-of-copper,The Kingdom of Copper,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12499290-the-blinding-knife,The Blinding Knife,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/nl/book/show/26080167-baptism-of-fire,Baptism of Fire,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43915.Magician,Magician: Apprentice,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/400911.Bleak_Seasons,Bleak Seasons,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10626950-the-ministry-of-necessity,The Ministry of Necessity,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6316821-first-lord-s-fury,First Lord's Fury,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0337876/,Birth,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4556058-the-last-olympian,The Last Olympian,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119489.The_Maze_of_the_Beast,The Maze of the Beast,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13890.A_Crown_of_Swords,A Crown of Swords,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40992.Shadow_Claw,Shadow and Claw,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/174948.Phantastes,Phantastes,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45112.Assassin_s_Quest,Assassin's Quest,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13497.A_Feast_for_Crows,A Feast for Crows,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21787.The_Princess_Bride,The Princess Bride,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18243700-the-assassin-s-blade,The Assassin's Blade,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18512.The_Return_of_the_King,The Return of the King,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_First_Law,The First Law Trilogy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26114463-nevernight,Nevernight,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55401.Deadhouse_Gates,Deadhous Gates,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Goldman,William Goldman,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/140225.The_Voyage_of_the_Dawn_Treader,The Voyage of the Dawn Treader,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Abercrombie,Joe Abercrombie,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13510813-grandma-s-bag-of-stories,Grandma's Bag Of Stories,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/26030742-sharp-ends,Sharp Ends,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudha_Murty,Sudha Murthy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/41221-deltora-quest,Deltora Quest Series,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6.Harry_Potter_and_the_Goblet_of_Fire,Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/40391,The Lost Years of Merlin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13667.The_Farthest_Shore,The Farthest Shore,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30079689-the-tower-of-swallows,The Tower of the Swallow,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8320534-raymond-e-feist-s-magician-master,Magician: Master,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T._A._Barron,T.A. Barron,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52166786-the-empire-of-gold,The Empire of Gold,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119492.The_Valley_of_the_Lost,The Valley of the Lost,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10803121-the-alloy-of-law,The Alloy of Law,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116136/,Dragonheart,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/140974.The_Path_of_Daggers,The Path of Daggers,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44660.The_Belgariad_Boxed_Set?ac=1&from_search=true&qid=wv9xaSskqn&rank=3,The Belgariad,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Eddings,David Eddings,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17167166-crown-of-midnight,Crown of Midnight,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40995.Sword_and_Citadel,Sword and Citadel,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23264671-godsgrave,Godsgrave,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/65641.The_Silver_Chair,The Silver Chair,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/400897.She_is_the_Darkness,She Is The Darkness,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/175983.Memories_of_Ice,Memories of Ice,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29797.The_Pilgrim_s_Progress,Pilgrim's Progress,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/160149.The_Call_of_Cthulhu_and_Other_Weird_Stories,The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/944073.The_Blade_Itself,The Blade Itself,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35606041-a-little-hatred,A Little Hatred,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/941226.Jirel_of_Joiry,Jirel of Joiry,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10664113-a-dance-with-dragons,A Dance with Dragons,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/42429-the-malloreon,Mallorean,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13661.Tehanu,Tehanu: The Last Book of Earthsea,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/119491.Return_to_Del,Return to Del,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/149302.Silverthorn,Silverthorn,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/96281.The_Deed_of_Paksenarrion,The Deed of Paksenarrion,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12111823-the-winds-of-winter,Winds of Winter,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_Moon,Elizabeth Moon,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16065004-shadows-of-self,Shadows of Self,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/349470.Water_Sleeps,Water Sleeps,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18392.The_Lost_Years,The Lost Years of Merlin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60215.The_Urth_of_the_New_Sun,Urth of the New Sun,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23264672-darkdawn,Darkdawn,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/series/45935-dune-chronicles,Dune,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/84369.The_Last_Battle,The Last Battle,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20613470-heir-of-fire,Heir of Fire,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13891.Winter_s_Heart,Winter's Heart,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/55398.House_of_Chains,House of Chains,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/140671,Black Company,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40701777-the-trouble-with-peace,The Trouble With Peace,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glen_Cook,Glen Cook,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Inheritance_Trilogy_(N.K._Jemisin),The Inheritance Trilogy,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/96278.Sheepfarmer_s_Daughter,Sheepfarmer's Daughter,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N._K._Jemisin,N.K. Jemisin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/400899.Soldiers_Live,Soldiers Live,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18396.The_Seven_Songs_of_Merlin,The Seven Songs of Merlin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18739426-the-bands-of-mourning,The Bands of Mourning,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/345299.Midnight_Tides,Midnight Tides,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/113435.Crossroads_of_Twilight,Crossroads of Twilight,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18006496-queen-of-shadows,Queen of Shadows,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/821431.The_Children_of_H_rin,Children of HÃºrin,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy
http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13888.Knife_of_Dreams,Knife of Dreams,https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme,Fantasy