https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Kay,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edsger_W._Dijkstra,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ken_Thompson,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alan_Turing,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Wall,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Cook,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Einstein,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linus_Torvalds,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Edward_V._Berard,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Jobs,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_C._Clarke,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elbert_Hubbard,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_McConnell,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Gates,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elon_Musk,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bjarne_Stroustrup,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Minasi,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grace_Hopper,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruce_Schneier,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hal_Abelson,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sydney_J._Harris,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_DeLillo,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Bezos,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Hoare,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Fowler,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_Norman,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Cleese,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omar_Bradley,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://gl.wikiquote.org/wiki/Vidiu_Platon,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_Adams,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pablo_Picasso,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kathy_Sierra,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Bostic,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L_Peter_Deutsch,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
http://cs.brown.edu/~pw/,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Stallman,,https://github.com/victorlaerte/awesome-it-quotes#readme,IT Quotes