https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confusion_matrix,Confusion matrix,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brute-force_search,Brute force,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heisenbug,Heisenbug,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clique_problem,Clique problem,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shotgun_surgery,Shotgun surgery,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decision_boundary,Decision boundary,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation,Lazy evaluation,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fold_(higher-order_function),fold,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greedy_algorithm,Greedy algorithm,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life,Game of Life,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oracle_machine,Oracle,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_(programming),Magic,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hill_climbing,Hill climbing,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://clojure.org/,Clojure,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pumping_lemma,Pumping lemma,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starvation_(computer_science),Process starvation,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breadcrumb_(navigation),Breadcrumb,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_travel_debugging,Time travel debugging,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tree_shaking,Tree shaking,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://www.nngroup.com/articles/designing-effective-carousels/,Carousel,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://clojuredocs.org/clojure.core/trampoline,trampoline,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clipboard_(computing),Clipboard,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backdoor_(computing),Backdoor,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desktop_metaphor,Desktop,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_virus,Computer virus,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://rapidapi.com/blog/israeli-queues-exploring-a-bizarre-data-structure/,Israeli Queue,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburger_button,Hamburger button,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stack_(abstract_data_type),Stack,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://www.johndcook.com/blog/2009/07/06/brewer-cap-theorem-base/,ACID vs. BASE,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tree_(data_structure),Tree,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queue_(abstract_data_type),Queue,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_egg_(media),Easter egg,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://digitalguardian.com/blog/what-cyber-hygiene-definition-cyber-hygiene-benefits-best-practices-and-more,Cyber hygiene,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honeypot_(computing),Honeypot,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adapter_pattern,Adapter,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://floating-point-gui.de/formats/fp/,Floating point number,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facade_pattern,Facade,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoning_home,Phoning home,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_framework,Framework,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futures_and_promises,Promise,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandbox_(computer_security),Sandbox,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garbage_collection_(computer_science),Garbage Collector,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trojan_horse_(computing),Trojan horse,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glue_code,Glue Code,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://uxplanet.org/optimistic-1000-34d9eefe4c05,Optimistic UI,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scrolling,Scrolling,https://github.com/gruhn/awesome-naming#readme,Naming