http://lotz84.github.io/haskellbyexample/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://mixi-inc.github.io/AndroidTraining/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://twitter.github.io/scala_school/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.crypto101.io/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.gitbook.io/,Gitbook,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://littleosbook.github.io/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://beginners.re/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://addyosmani.com/resources/essentialjsdesignpatterns/book/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://greenteapress.com/thinkstats/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://practicingruby.com/about,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://deepintopharo.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnxinyminutes.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.dkriesel.com/en/science/neural_networks,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://bonsaiden.github.io/JavaScript-Garden/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/command-line-text-processing/content/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://webcomponents.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/python-basics/content/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/vim-reference/content/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://rackt.github.io/redux/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docs.rapidminer.com/downloads/DataMiningForTheMasses.pdf,PDF,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://developers.google.com/edu/python/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://browserdiet.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.oreilly.com/openbook/,O'Reilly Open Books,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/ref/rst/restructuredtext.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://git-scm.com/book/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://middlemanapp.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/linux-command-line/content/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://pointnorth.io/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://gustavus.edu/+max/os-book/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://justbuildsomething.com/node-js-best-practices/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.onlineprogrammingbooks.com/,OnlineProgrammingBooks.com,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.diveintopython3.net/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.buildyourownlisp.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-dsp/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/ruby-scripting/content/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://homotopytypetheory.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://build-podcast.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://restfulwebapis.org/rws.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.jeffreythompson.org/collision-detection/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.nodebeginner.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://clojuredocs.org,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://doc.rust-lang.org/book/README.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.jstatsoft.org/index,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://exploreflask.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://aosabook.org/en/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://codingintro.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/full-text/book/book.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://domenlightenment.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://clojure-doc.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://learnbyexample.gitbooks.io/perl-introduction/content/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://cs.stanford.edu/~blynn/gitmagic/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://heather.cs.ucdavis.edu/parprocbook,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://bzr.savannah.gnu.org/lh/books/changes,Free Software Free Society: Selected Essays,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://shop.fsf.org/category/books/,Free Software Foundation - books/documentation,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://rustbyexample.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.fullstackpython.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://leanpub.com/understandinges6/read,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://programminghistorian.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://datajournalismhandbook.org/1.0/en/,Data Journalism Handbook,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://daniel.haxx.se/http2/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://cs.brown.edu/~sk/Publications/Books/ProgLangs/2007-04-26/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/introduction.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://jlord.github.io/git-it,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://square.github.io/intro-to-d3/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://sourceforge.net/p/omegat/code/ci/master/tree/doc_src/,OmegaT,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/people/paulmck/perfbook/perfbook.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://lucumr.pocoo.org/2015/5/27/rust-for-pythonistas/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://carreau.gitbooks.io/jupyter-book/content/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.dnd.utwente.nl/~tim/colorforth/Leo-Brodie/thinking-forth.pdf,PDF,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.phptherightway.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.gitbook.com/book/bigbadotis/gibber-user-manual/details,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/getify/you-dont-know-js-book-series,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://zalando.github.io/restful-api-guidelines/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://ramnathv.github.io/pycon2014-r/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-paul-ford-what-is-code/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://eloquentjavascript.net/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://pharobyexample.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.cookbook-r.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docs.writethedocs.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://opendatastructures.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://learnyousomeerlang.com/content,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://shop.fsf.org/product/free-software-free-society-2/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://omegat.sourceforge.net/manual-standard/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.greenteapress.com/,Green Tea Press,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docs.racket-lang.org/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://upstart.ubuntu.com/cookbook/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://jeffe.cs.illinois.edu/teaching/algorithms/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://twitter.github.io/effectivescala/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://casperjs.readthedocs.org/en/latest/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://diveintohtml5.info/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docs-guide.readthedocs.org/en/latest/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://docs.docker.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://open.umich.edu/education/si/resources/hpc-opentextbook/2009,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://shop.fsf.org/product/free-as-in-freedom-2/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://lfe.gitbooks.io/sicp/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://spec.commonmark.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://cglab.ca/~michiel/TheoryOfComputation/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://jsbooks.revolunet.com/,JSbooks,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://12factor.net/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://codeguide.co/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://book.seaside.st/book,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/contents.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-python-2e/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.0.0/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.groklaw.net/staticpages/index.php?page=20051013231901859,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://learnyouahaskell.com/chapters,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://docs.travis-ci.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://automatetheboringstuff.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://docs.ansible.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://cglab.ca/~michiel/DiscreteStructures/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.squeakbyexample.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.applaunchguide.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://nlpwp.org/book/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://coreos.com/docs/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/emacs.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/jakevdp/WhirlwindTourOfPython/blob/master/Index.ipynb,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://phpmyadmin-english-united-kingdom.readthedocs.org/en/latest/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/elisp.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://dabeaz-course.github.io/practical-python/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://emacs.sexy/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.computingbook.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.bottomupcs.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://wikidocs.net/book/1,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://learnvimscriptthehardway.stevelosh.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://osdi.insightbook.co.kr/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://javascript.ruanyifeng.com,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://nqdeng.github.io/7-days-nodejs/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/C_Programming,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://interactivepython.org/runestone/static/pythonds/index.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://es6.ruanyifeng.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://coffeescript-cookbook.github.io/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://mattmahoney.net/dc/dce.html,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://getbootstrap.com/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://tengine.taobao.org/book/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://www.egr.unlv.edu/~ed/fortran,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://poignant.guide/book/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuA-gmvJ5n0&list=PL9yYRbwpkykvjkfuRslECO9c1qTq3GgUb,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://axismaps.github.io/thematic-cartography/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://guides.rubyonrails.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
http://zguide.zeromq.org/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents
https://10up.github.io/Engineering-Best-Practices/,Site,https://github.com/44bits/awesome-opensource-documents#readme,Open Source Documents