http://dreamshowadventures.github.io/LudumDare29/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://mitallast.github.io/diablo-js/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://kenrick95.github.io/c4/demo/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://enclavegames.com/games/captain-rogers/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://hextris.io/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://jumpsuit.space/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.wolfire.com/desperate-gods,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://rabiroshan.github.io/snake_game/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.pyglet.org/,Pyglet,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://satanas.github.io/infectors/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://mattsurabian.com/duckhunt/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.kongregate.com/games/Sorobaid/clone-man,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://lichess.org/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://demonixis.github.io/Maze3D/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://dave-and-mike.github.io/game-off-2012/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://antila.github.io/ludum-dare-28/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.renegadeware.com/web_games/megagirl/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://couchfriends.com/games/5,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://cas002.itch.io/dental-defenders-saga-of-the-candy-horde,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://cykod.github.io/AlienInvasion/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://shapex.org/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://flixel.org/flxinvaders/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://mrrar.github.io/spashal/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://stephank.github.io/arashi-js/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://js13kgames.com/games/couch-2048/index.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.adamatomic.com/mode/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://play.bci.im/nedetlesmaki/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://sqoff.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.flixel.org/flxteroids/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://nmoroze.github.io/swap/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://bni.github.io/orbium/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://dougmcinnes.com/html-5-asteroids/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://candy-demo.enclavegames.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://taptapadventure.com/play,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://maettig.com/code/canvas/starship-sorades-13k/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://code.jerev.be/ggo13-transcube/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.gametrekking.com/the-games/cambodia/the-killer/play-now,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://david-peter.de/cube-composer,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://play.bci.im/newton_adventure/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://fernjager.github.io/game-off-2013/index.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://ogoshen.github.io/game-off-2012/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://adamatomic.com/graverobbers,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://martindrapeau.github.io/backbone-game-engine/super-mario-bros/index.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://abefehr.com/parity/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://bots.botframework.com/bot?id=c4bot,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://alex.nisnevich.com/untrusted/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://xproger.info/projects/OpenLara/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://lulea.github.io/game-off-2012/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://thepond.zolmeister.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.schillmania.com/survivor/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://libsdl.org/,SDL 2.0,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://arcade.lostdecadegames.com/onslaught_arena/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://kripken.github.io/BananaBread/cube2/bb.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://zop.zolmeister.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://ancientbeast.com/play,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://congusbongus.itch.io/drunken-viking,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://dart-lang.github.io/sample-pop_pop_win/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://flixel.org/flxcollisions/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://cern.ch/particle-clicker,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://robotacid.com/flash/ending,Ending,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://gelisam.com/octocarina/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://robotacid.com/flash/ending/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://the-house.arturkot.pl/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://openmeridian.org,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_%28game%29,Simon,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breakout_%28video_game%29,Breakout,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://hughsk.io/ludum-dare-27/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://binb.co,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://razh.github.io/game-off-2013/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://giacomotag.io/hb/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/,,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://hexgl.bkcore.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://lo-th.github.io/3d.city/index.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://omarshehata.me/html/ludum/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://benvanik.github.io/blk-game/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://awesome-interactive.github.io/game-off-2013/ExportedGame.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://nurgak.github.io/Cube-engine/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.meridian59.com,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.newgrounds.com/dump/item/1cc54f046fa51768d8169e65121b0af0,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://stendhalgame.org,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
https://jeffhou.github.io/hex-2048/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://matthewminer.com/hexahedral,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://skepsi.me/elemental-one/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.pokerth.net/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://gregbatha.com/branches/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://js13kgames.com/games/save-the-forest/index.html,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://shohan4556.github.io/jolly-jumper/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://projects.iarke.us/codenamelumberjack/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://0hh1.com,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://gabrielecirulli.github.io/2048/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://adarkroom.doublespeakgames.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://hakim.se/experiments/html5/coil/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://www.anagramica.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://redbluegames.com/game-off-2013/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://ballandwall.com/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://wwwtyro.github.io/Astray/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://ondras.github.io/custom-tetris/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://d3shooter.herokuapp.com,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://gamejolt.com/games/puzzle/beatrix/27454/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://aerolab.github.io/blockrain.js/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games
http://henryhoffman.com/branchingout/,Play it now!,https://github.com/leereilly/games#readme,Open Source Games