https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QbyRas7gUA,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9HGec2RA-Q,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxaE8yblHPk,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://soundcloud.com/rich-trott/slugging-it-out-in-open-source,audio,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RyitUKfUFE,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://blog.ffwll.ch/slides/lca-2017.pdf,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://vimeo.com/276832570,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://increment.com/open-source/open-source-of-anxiety/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://slides.com/kentcdodds/manage-oss,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://blog.burntsushi.net/foss/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.schneems.com/2016/05/31/saving-sprockets.html,post with transcript,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paS09pRV8bY,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0sfFX7WH1c,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://mikemcquaid.com/talks/the-open-source-contributor-funnel/,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO8hZlgK5zc,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlu3QvuwruY&index=28&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://medium.com/@sebmck/2015-in-review-51ac7035e272,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFgSvLUzQSU,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://speakerdeck.com/jodosha/lessons-learned-while-building-hanami,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgWFTrXn0_U,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://antirez.com/news/129,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci_I0ATr748,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=PL37ZVnwpeshFmAPr65sU2O5WMs7_CGjs_&v=_iToM2KC0QE,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://slides.com/kentcdodds/open-source-your-stuff,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://prezi.com/oowcpzsnwp-8/the-hard-parts-of-open-source/,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://youtu.be/OVzMw3vYrDI,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://speakerdeck.com/ashfurrow/building-open-source-communities,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://speakerdeck.com/indexzero/keeping-important-code-alive-seattlejs-march-2015,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPw7QIx3JZM,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.deconstructconf.com/2017/evan-czaplicki-on-storytelling,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://speakerdeck.com/kelset/all-hands-on-deck-the-rn-community-experience,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://bitbucket.org/laserllama/sourceoptics/src/master/,SourceOptics,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIDb6VBO9os,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://fat.github.io/slides-os-guilt/,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://speakerdeck.com/indexzero/modernizing-winston-for-node-at-4,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://krausefx.com/blog/scaling-open-source-communities,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q81q0LilL1s,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqcuzSwySR4,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://medium.com/@Trott/slugging-it-out-in-open-source-a62f554b6e2,transcript,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRF0OVQL9Nw,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://kcieslak.io/OSS-The-Story,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjKwvdF7SrA,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://nathanmarz.com/blog/history-of-apache-storm-and-lessons-learned.html,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://arslan.io/2018/10/09/taking-an-indefinite-sabbatical-from-my-projects/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://writing.jan.io/2017/03/06/sustainable-open-source-the-maintainers-perspective-or-how-i-learned-to-stop-caring-and-love-open-source.html,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjgZQeMrw6c&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://boats.gitlab.io/blog/post/rust-2019/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://changelog.com/rfc/19,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://changelog.com/rfc/12,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://mikemcquaid.com/2019/05/20/research-study-interview-work-of-maintaining-open-source-software/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXjA1aIM35E,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://slides.com/kentcdodds/1st-pr,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://mikemcquaid.com/2018/08/14/the-open-source-contributor-funnel-why-people-dont-contribute-to-your-open-source-project/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://nolanlawson.com/2017/03/05/what-it-feels-like-to-be-an-open-source-maintainer/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://changelog.com/podcast/246,podcast,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsOZpF6LFcw,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVtXLdBRfyE,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://feross.org/funding-experiment-recap/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKI1Kj5VXqE&index=23&list=PLV5CVI1eNcJgNqzNwcs4UKrlJdhfDjshf,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://speakerdeck.com/feross/what-i-learned-from-webtorrent,slides,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxNkupqI964,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://youtu.be/uHaMpLyMOL0,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.codetriage.com,CodeTriage,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://blog.sideci.com/interview-with-bozhidar-batsov-99b049b6fd6a,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://changelog.com/rfc/15,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y19s6vPpGXA,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://vimeo.com/276832741,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://snarky.ca/setting-expectations-for-open-source-participation/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://snarky.ca/why-i-took-october-off-from-oss-volunteering/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BB0luXmuo3g&t=90s,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://blog.ffwll.ch/2018/02/lca-sydney.html,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBwWbFpkltg,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JngZkC-TVHc,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sEOXNmzv4g,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://m.signalvnoise.com/open-source-beyond-the-market/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOzUMQW4p0Y,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://vimeo.com/276832413,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us_3IGG6leM&t=1s,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://changelog.com/rfc/13,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://ericholscher.com/blog/2018/feb/7/the-post-i-never-published/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_4EX4dPppA,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://doi.org/10.5334/jors.96,paper,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
http://dx.doi.org/10.5334/jors.35,paper,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://changelog.com/rfc/17,interview,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll_lmDZUD4o,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://danielbachhuber.com/2016/06/26/my-condolences-youre-now-the-maintainer-of-a-popular-open-source-project/,post,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJ9Y0midtW4,video,https://github.com/nayafia/awesome-maintainers#readme,Open Source Maintainers