https://vendor.crozdesk.com/user/signup,https://vendor.crozdesk.com/user/signup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://oyestartups.com/contact,https://oyestartups.com/contact,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.placestopostyourstartup.com,PlacesToPostYourStartup.com,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://getapp.com/,http://getapp.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.betafy.co/easysignup/startup,https://www.betafy.co/easysignup/startup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/ladybusiness/,https://www.reddit.com/r/ladybusiness/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://kitdb.app/,https://kitdb.app/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.discova.co/,http://www.discova.co/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.startupblink.com/,http://www.startupblink.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://alternative.me/,https://alternative.me/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.startups-list.com/,https://www.startups-list.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.paggu.com/submit-your-startup/,http://www.paggu.com/submit-your-startup/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/roastmystartup,https://www.reddit.com/r/roastmystartup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://softwareadvice-markets.questionpro.com/,https://softwareadvice-markets.questionpro.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://land-book.com/guidelines,https://land-book.com/guidelines,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://tools.robingood.com/,http://tools.robingood.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7248460,this HN post,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://getworm.com/submit-startup,https://getworm.com/submit-startup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.saashub.com/,https://www.saashub.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startupdope.com/submit-news/,http://startupdope.com/submit-news/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.discovercloud.com/become-a-vendor,https://www.discovercloud.com/become-a-vendor,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://appsmamma.com/submit-your-app/,http://appsmamma.com/submit-your-app/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://postmake.io/submit,https://postmake.io/submit,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6492109,this HN post,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.startupinspire.com/submit,https://www.startupinspire.com/submit,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.ebool.com/submit,https://www.ebool.com/submit,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://saasified.co,https://saasified.co,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://betalist.com/submit,https://betalist.com/submit,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://vbprofiles.com/,http://vbprofiles.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://appsthunder.com/submit-your-app/,http://appsthunder.com/submit-your-app/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/shamelessplug/,https://www.reddit.com/r/shamelessplug/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://saijogeorge.com/best-marketing-tools/,https://saijogeorge.com/best-marketing-tools/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://appadvice.com/page/about-us,http://appadvice.com/page/about-us,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.startupjohn.com/,https://www.startupjohn.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://launchlister.com/submit-startup,https://launchlister.com/submit-startup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://emojilaunch.com/,https://emojilaunch.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://apprater.net/add/,https://apprater.net/add/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.springwise.com/spotted/,https://www.springwise.com/spotted/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/alphaandbetausers/,https://www.reddit.com/r/alphaandbetausers/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://news.ycombinator.com/showhn.html,https://news.ycombinator.com/showhn.html,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://reddit.com/r/sideproject,http://reddit.com/r/sideproject,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.preapps.com/,http://www.preapps.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://venturebeat.com/news-tips/,http://venturebeat.com/news-tips/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/coupons/,https://www.reddit.com/r/coupons/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.appvita.com/,http://www.appvita.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://stateoftech.net/advertise?submit-an-app-for-review,http://stateoftech.net/advertise?submit-an-app-for-review,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.growthboosters.com/product/add,https://www.growthboosters.com/product/add,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://stackshare.io/,http://stackshare.io/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/design_critiques/,https://www.reddit.com/r/design_critiques/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.appzapp.net/en/app-review-request/,http://www.appzapp.net/en/app-review-request/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.reddit.com/r/smallbusiness/,https://www.reddit.com/r/smallbusiness/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.f6s.com/,http://www.f6s.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.sideprojectors.com,https://www.sideprojectors.com,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://launched.io/SubmitStartup,https://launched.io/SubmitStartup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://appiod.com/submit-app-for-review/,http://appiod.com/submit-app-for-review/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.tapscape.com/,https://www.tapscape.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://starterstory.com/,https://starterstory.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://arcticstartup.com/,http://arcticstartup.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.apppicker.com/,http://www.apppicker.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.producthunt.com/,http://www.producthunt.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://sideprojects.net,https://sideprojects.net,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://webapprater.com/submit-your-web-application-for-review-html,https://webapprater.com/submit-your-web-application-for-review-html,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://boingboing.net/sub/,http://boingboing.net/sub/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://feedmyapp.com/submit/,https://feedmyapp.com/submit/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://techfaster.com/submit-your-company/,http://techfaster.com/submit-your-company/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://reddit.com/r/entrepreneur,http://reddit.com/r/entrepreneur,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.gust.com,https://www.gust.com,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.launchingnext.com/submit/,http://www.launchingnext.com/submit/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://fiddy.co,https://fiddy.co,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://awesomeindie.com,https://awesomeindie.com,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.similarsitesearch.com/tips.html,http://www.similarsitesearch.com/tips.html,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://broadwise.org/,https://broadwise.org/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://reddit.com/r/startups,http://reddit.com/r/startups,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.programmableweb.com/news/how-to-pitch-programmableweb-covering-your-news/2016/11/18,https://www.programmableweb.com/news/how-to-pitch-programmableweb-covering-your-news/2016/11/18,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.projecthatch.co/your-story/,https://www.projecthatch.co/your-story/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.snapmunk.com/submit-your-startup/,https://www.snapmunk.com/submit-your-startup/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.reddit.com/r/EntrepreneurRideAlong/,http://www.reddit.com/r/EntrepreneurRideAlong/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.makeuseof.com/about/,http://www.makeuseof.com/about/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://startup88.com/,https://startup88.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://reddit.com/r/imadethis,http://reddit.com/r/imadethis,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://geekwire.com/startup-list/,http://geekwire.com/startup-list/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://10words.io,https://10words.io,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://thetechmap.com/,http://thetechmap.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.betabound.com/announce/,http://www.betabound.com/announce/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://projectium.network,https://projectium.network,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://apps400.com/submit-your-application-for-review,http://apps400.com/submit-your-application-for-review,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://ww2.younoodle.com/startups/,https://ww2.younoodle.com/startups/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.startuplift.com/,http://www.startuplift.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.netted.net/contact-us/,https://www.netted.net/contact-us/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://betapage.co/,https://betapage.co/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.capterra.com/vendors/sign-up,http://www.capterra.com/vendors/sign-up,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.helpareporter.com/sources/,https://www.helpareporter.com/sources/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.allmyfaves.com/,http://www.allmyfaves.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://nextbigproduct.net/product-submission/,http://nextbigproduct.net/product-submission/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://betatesting.com/beta-testing,https://betatesting.com/beta-testing,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.mattmccaffrey.com/,Matt McCaffrey,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://startupbase.io/submit,https://startupbase.io/submit,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.startupranking.com/,http://www.startupranking.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://hackerspad.net/submit-software/,https://hackerspad.net/submit-software/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://appslisto.com/submit-your-app/,http://appslisto.com/submit-your-app/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.allstartups.info/Startups/Submit,http://www.allstartups.info/Startups/Submit,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startupregister.net/register-your-startup/,http://startupregister.net/register-your-startup/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startupbeat.com/startup-beat-featured-startup-pitch-guidelines/,http://startupbeat.com/startup-beat-featured-startup-pitch-guidelines/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://nextbigwhat.com/,http://nextbigwhat.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.startupbenchmarks.com/,https://www.startupbenchmarks.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://inc42.com/startup-submission/,https://inc42.com/startup-submission/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.techpluto.com/submit-a-startup/,http://www.techpluto.com/submit-a-startup/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://alltopstartups.com/submit-startup/,http://alltopstartups.com/submit-startup/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://index.co/startup,https://index.co/startup,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://startupresources.io,https://startupresources.io,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startupstash.com/,http://startupstash.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.indiehackers.com/,https://www.indiehackers.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startupbuffer.com,http://startupbuffer.com,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://www.theiphonemom.com/,https://www.theiphonemom.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startuptabs.com/,http://startuptabs.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://startuptracker.io/,https://startuptracker.io/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
https://topalternatives.com/,https://topalternatives.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://killerstartups.com/submit-startup/,http://killerstartups.com/submit-startup/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://startupcollections.com/,http://startupcollections.com/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.vator.tv/,http://www.vator.tv/,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup
http://www.crazyaboutstartups.com/index.php/share-your-startup-form,http://www.crazyaboutstartups.com/index.php/share-your-startup-form,https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup#readme,Places to Post Your Startup