http://cclib.github.io/,cclib,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.mock.html,mock,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.path.html,os.path,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/colorama/,colorama,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/HermesCache/,HermesCache,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/colander/en/latest/,colander,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://grappelliproject.com/,django-grappelli,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html,pathlib,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://scikit-image.org/,scikit-image,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://momentjs.com/,Moment.js,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://pyyaml.org/,PyYAML,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://urwid.org/,urwid,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/coverage/,coverage,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://python.libhunt.com/newsletter,Awesome Python Newsletter,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.renpy.org/,RenPy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/topics/db/models/,Django Models,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/radar/,radar,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/cffi/,cffi,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://nuitka.net/,Nuitka,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/difflib.html,difflib,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://joblib.readthedocs.io/,Joblib,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://djangosuit.com/,django-suit,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/ctypes.html,ctypes,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://libmemcached.org/libMemcached.html,libmemcached,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/,pip,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://wxpython.org/,wxPython,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pylonsproject.org/,Pyramid,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/contrib/gis/,GeoDjango,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/Unidecode/,unidecode,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.celeryproject.org/en/stable/,celery,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://bspaans.github.io/python-mingus/,mingus,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/,PyPI,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://pycoders.com/,Pycoder's Weekly,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.swig.org/Doc1.3/Python.html,SWIG,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.grantjenks.com/docs/diskcache/,python-diskcache,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.pygal.org/en/latest/,Pygal,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://pythonhosted.org/py2app/,py2app,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/cssutils/,cssutils,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://colour-science.org/,Colour,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://tartiflette.io,tartiflette,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://libcloud.apache.org/,apache-libcloud,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html,Subprocesses,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/curses.html,curses,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/flake8/,flake8,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/pygraphviz/,PyGraphviz,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://genshi.edgewall.org/,Genshi,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://launchpad.net/pytz,pytz,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://realpython.com/python-tricks/,Python Tricks,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://zulko.github.io/moviepy/,moviepy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.imagemagick.org/script/magick-wand.php,MagickWand,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database,tz database,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://lxml.de/,lxml,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.py2exe.org/,py2exe,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.gnu.org/software/ncurses/,ncurses,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.pylint.org/,pylint,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/pdb.html,pdb,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://nipy.org,NIPY,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.tornadoweb.org/en/latest/,Tornado,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://sarge.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,sarge,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.fanstatic.org/en/latest/,fanstatic,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://weasyprint.org,WeasyPrint,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://pynsist.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,pynsist,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.makotemplates.org/,Mako,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://cython.org/,Cython,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/strace.1.html,strace,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/PyGObject,PyGObject,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://mypy-lang.org/,mypy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.pydy.org/,PyDy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.openstack.org/developer/taskflow/,TaskFlow,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://sourceforge.net/projects/mysql-python/,mysql-python,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://bicyclerepair.sourceforge.net/,Bicycle Repair Man,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,cloudinit,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.yoctoproject.org/docs/1.6/bitbake-user-manual/bitbake-user-manual.html,BitBake,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://wimleers.com/fileconveyor,fileconveyor,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.pythonweekly.com/,Python Weekly,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.qt.io/,Qt,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://you-get.org/,you-get,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,uWSGI,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://python-future.org/index.html,python-future,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://xmldataset.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,xmldataset,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://qutip.org/,QuTiP,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://hg.python.org/jython,Jython,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/,pytest,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://initd.org/psycopg/,psycopg2,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://oscarcommerce.com/,django-oscar,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.borgbackup.org/,BorgBackup,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/six/,six,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://numba.pydata.org/,Numba,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.buildout.org/en/latest/,buildout,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://djangochat.com/,Django Chat,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://inotool.org/,ino,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/sqlite3.html,sqlite3,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.docker.com/compose/,docker-compose,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pythonhosted.org/feedparser/,feedparser,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://builtoncement.com/,cement,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/concurrent.futures.html,concurrent.futures,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/fluent-python/9781491946237/,Fluent Python,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter,Tkinter,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html,unittest,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://gitlab.com/team-simpy/simpy,SimPy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://logbook.readthedocs.io/en/stable/,logbook,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/pyspark/,PySpark,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://eventlet.net/,eventlet,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html,logging,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/streams/,Kafka Streams,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://cocos2d.org/,Cocos2d,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.fullstackpython.com/,Full Stack Python,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://foss.heptapod.net/pypy/pypy,PyPy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.gevent.org/,gevent,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.structlog.org/en/stable/,structlog,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://nestorsalceda.github.io/mamba/,mamba,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pymssql.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,pymssql,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.pingo.io/,Pingo,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html,multiprocessing,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.scons.org/,SCons,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/ml-guide.html,Spark ML,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://getsaleor.com/,saleor,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/configparser.html,configparser,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.harfang3d.com,Harfang3D,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/client/python-api/current/index.html,elasticsearch-py,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/dataclasses.html,dataclasses,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://jupyter.org,Jupyter Notebook (IPython),https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://python-xy.github.io/,Python(x,y),https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.pythoncheatsheet.org/,Python Cheatsheet,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://podcastinit.com/,Podcast.__init__,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.pygame.org/news.html,Pygame,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python-guide.org/,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://py2neo.org/,py2neo,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://babel.pocoo.org/en/latest/,Babel,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://python.libhunt.com/,Awesome Python @LibHunt,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://profig.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,profig,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.django-cms.org/en/,django-cms,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pythonbytes.fm,Python Bytes,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://click.pocoo.org/dev/,click,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://sourceforge.net/projects/imgseek/,imgSeek,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CERN,CERN,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,tox,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://whoosh.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,whoosh,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://arrow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,Arrow,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/selenium/,Selenium,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html,datetime,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://apscheduler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,APScheduler,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://passlib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/,passlib,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/,pythonlibs,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pypi.org/project/doublex/,doublex,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://runninginproduction.com/,Running in Production,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://python.zeef.com/alan.richmond,Python ZEEF,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://openpyxl.readthedocs.io/en/stable/,openpyxl,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.shuup.com/en/,shoop,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://winpython.github.io/,WinPython,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.openstack.org/developer/cliff/,cliff,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://dogpilecache.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,dogpile.cache,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.ogre3d.org/tikiwiki/PyOgre,PyOgre,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://pydoit.org/,doit,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://realpython.com/podcasts/rpp/,The Real Python Podcast,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://zato.io,Zato,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://wiki.ros.org/rospy,rospy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://www.reportlab.com/opensource/,ReportLab,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://docopt.org/,docopt,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/mimetypes.html,mimetypes,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.tryton.org/,tryton,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://pyopengl.sourceforge.net/,PyOpenGL,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://www.astropy.org/,astropy,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://news.python.sc/,Pythonic News,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
http://biopython.org/wiki/Main_Page,Biopython,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python
https://pysdl2.readthedocs.io,PySDL2,https://github.com/vinta/awesome-python#readme,Python