https://www.trackawesomelist.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust/,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/ChainSafe/forest?branch=main,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://jakegoulding.com/rust-ffi-omnibus/,The Rust FFI Omnibus,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_Linear_Algebra_Subprograms,BLAS,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/mockiato/mockiato,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/grust-lang/atom-ide-rust,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://stomp.github.io/stomp-specification-1.2.html,STOMP 1.2,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/AgilData/mysql-proxy-rs?branch=master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://amp.rs,amp,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_News_Transfer_Protocol,NNTP,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inotify,inotify,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.rust-lang.org/production,Rust â€” Production,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rust-unofficial.github.io/too-many-lists/,Learning Rust With Entirely Too Many Linked Lists,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/nyx-space/nyx/-/pipelines,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/cossacklabs/themis,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/cargo-geiger/cargo-geiger/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://async.rs/,async-std,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.confluent.io/product/confluent-platform/data-compatibility/,confluent schema registry,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://newrustacean.com,New Rustacean,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/holochain/holochain-rust,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/estk/log4rs,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.redox-os.org/redox-os/redox,redox-os/redox,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://pythonhosted.org/pickleDB/,PickleDB,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/libp2p/rust-libp2p,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://www.bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0029.html,uTP,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.eclipse.org/,Eclipse,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAPACK,LAPACK,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://kiss3d.org,Kiss3d,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/blackbeam/mysql_async?branch=master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/rust-lang/rustfmt,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/harlanc/xiu,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/Sensirion/lin-bus-rs,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/qonfucius/aragog/-/commits/master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ibcprotocol.org/,Interblockchain Communication,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://cloudsmith.com/cargo-registry/,Cloudsmith ðŸ’²,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mystor/rust-cpp/branch/master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rustacean-station.org/,Rustacean Station,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://company-mode.github.io,company,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.netfilter.org/projects/iptables/index.html,iptables,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://hackr.io/tutorials/learn-rust,Programming Community Curated Resources for Learning Rust,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/imp/pager-rs,imp/pager-rs,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://snowplowanalytics.com/blog/2016/04/09/introducing-factotum-data-pipeline-runner/,A system to programmatically run data pipelines,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/freddy6896/espanso/_build,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/pkalivas/radiate,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post_Office_Protocol,POP3,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7252,Constrained Application Protocol(CoAP),https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://cloud.drone.io/igor-petruk/scriptisto,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://aturon.github.io/,Rust Guidelines,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://arewegameyet.rs,Are we game yet?,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rocksdb.org/,RocksDB,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://cirrus-ci.com/github/nix-rust/nix,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/SnejUgal/tbot/-/commits/master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://linebender.org/druid/,Druid,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://kakoune.org/,Kakoune,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://firecracker-microvm.github.io/,Firecracker Microvm,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_Transfer_Protocol,FTP,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.appveyor.com/project/KodrAus/elastic,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5246,TLS 1.2,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/vstakhov/libucl,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.piston.rs/,Piston,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://cassandra.apache.org/_/index.html,Cassandra,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/paritytech/parity-bitcoin,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://benchmarksgame-team.pages.debian.net/benchmarksgame/,The Computer Language Benchmarks Game,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://portmedia.sourceforge.net/portmidi/,PortMidi,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://opensource.googleblog.com/2015/09/introducing-brotli-new-compression.html,Brotli,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://google.github.io/flatbuffers/,FlatBuffers,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/platform/crosvm/,chromium/chromiumos/platform/crosvm,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.manning.com/books/refactoring-to-rust,Refactoring to Rust,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://nanomsg.org/,nanomsg,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://doc.rust-cqrs.org/,user guide,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/graphql-rust/GraphQL%20Rust/_build/latest?definitionId=1,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/susurrus/serialport-rs,Susurrus/serialport-rs,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.wercker.com/applications/59696a02ee70670100155ae2,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/dochtman/Projects/_build,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://cirrus-ci.com/github/HeroicKatora/oxide-auth,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.pingcap.net/job/tikv_ghpr_test/,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.chef.io/,Chef,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://speakerdeck.com/jvns/learning-systems-programming-with-rust,Learning systems programming with Rust,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.manning.com/books/rust-servers-services-and-apps,Rust Servers, Services and Apps - MEAP,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/sfackler/cargo-tree,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/b23r0/cliws,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/ivanceras/sauron-native,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.arewelearningyet.com,Are we learning yet?,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.arewewebyet.org,Are we web yet?,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://hypothesis.works/,Hypothesis,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://cloud.drone.io/LemmyNet/lemmy,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lO1z-7cuRYI,Rust: Hack Without Fear!,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/,Rust by Example,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dgriffen/rls-vs2017,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-krawczyk-cfrg-opaque/,OPAQUE,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://amethyst.rs,Amethyst,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.sourceware.org/bzip2/,libbz2,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/imsnif/bandwhich,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/,Rust Subreddit,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.libssh2.org/,libssh2,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/neachdainn/nng-rs,neachdainn/nng-rs,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/ivanceras/titik,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://doc.qt.io,Qt,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/maciejkula/rustlearn,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rust-lang-nursery.github.io/rust-cookbook/,Rust Cookbook,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N-gram,n-grams,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/ruffle-rs/ruffle,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://pijul.org,Pijul,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://eradman.com/entrproject/,entr,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/cobalt-org/cobalt-org/_build?definitionId=2,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rg3d.rs,RG3D,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4CyEKb-ywA,Shipping a Solid Rust Crate,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.appveyor.com/project/vosen/visualrust,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://code.google.com/archive/p/miniz,miniz,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://pijul.org/thrussh,Thrussh,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.sqlite.org/index.html,Sqlite3,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.vulkan.org/,Vulkan,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/Douman/yukikaze,DoumanAsh/yukikaze,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://michelhe.github.io/rustboyadvance-ng/,WebAssembly,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/metacall/core,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://blog.thoughtram.io/announcements/tools/2014/09/18/announcing-clog-a-conventional-changelog-generator-for-the-rest-of-us.html,conventional changelog,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb,CodeLLDB,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLE7tQUdRKcybdIw61JpCoo89i4pWU5f_t,RustCamp 2015 Talks,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://wiki.haskell.org/Introduction_to_QuickCheck1,QuickCheck,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://overexact.com/rust-for-professionals/,Rust for professionals,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://oam.dev/,Open Application Model,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/imsnif/diskonaut,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://nng.nanomsg.org/index.html,Nng (nanomsg v2),https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/importcjj/rust-ajson,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=matklad.rust-analyzer,rust-analyzer,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rustbeginners.github.io/awesome-rust-mentors/,awesome-rust-mentors,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.symas.com/symas-embedded-database-lmdb,LMDB,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://docopt.org,DocOpt,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://sciter.com/,Sciter,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://areweideyet.com/,Are we (I)DE yet?,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://app.travis-ci.com/github/sn99/wasm-template-rust,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.appveyor.com/project/evansmurithi/cloak,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/neachdainn/nng-rs/-/pipelines,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/veloren/veloren/-/pipelines,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://doc.libsodium.org/,libsodium,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.nginx.com,Nginx,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://buildkite.com/materialize/tests,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://lcamtuf.coredump.cx/afl/,AFL,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.getzola.org/,zola,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/alexliesenfeld/httpmock/_build/latest?definitionId=2&branchName=master,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.rust-lang.org/tools,Rust Tools,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.arangodb.com,ArangoDB,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://rust-embedded.org/,Rust Embedded,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://ci.appveyor.com/project/sciter-sdk/rust-sciter,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://docs.rs,docs.rs,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/first-edition/ffi.html,Foreign Function Interface,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://dev.azure.com/getzola/zola/_build,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://blog.subnetzero.io/post/building-language-vm-part-00/,Build a language VM,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://opcfoundation.org/about/opc-technologies/opc-ua/,OPC UA,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/qonfucius/aragog,Aragog,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.manning.com/books/rust-in-action,Rust in Action,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://exercism.org/tracks/rust,exercism.org,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://www.manning.com/livevideo/rust-in-motion?a_aid=cnichols&a_bid=6a993c2e,Rust in Motion,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/pwoolcoc/soup,pwoolcoc/soup,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/jeremie.drouet/jolimail/-/commits/main,,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://tokio.rs,tokio,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://pragprog.com/titles/hwrust/hands-on-rust/,Hands-on Rust,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc6455/,WebSocket,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://gitlab.com/SnejUgal/tbot,tbot,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://modbus.org,modbus,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
https://classpert.com/search/rust,Rust Online Courses at Classpert,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust
http://cis198-2016s.github.io/schedule/,University of Pennsylvania's Comp Sci Rust Programming Course,https://github.com/rust-unofficial/awesome-rust#readme,Rust