https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neal_Stephenson,Neal Stephenson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grant_Naylor,Grant Naylor,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanis%C5%82aw_Lem,Stanisław Lem,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ren%C3%A9_Barjavel,René Barjavel,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_VanderMeer,Jeff VanderMeer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudy_Rucker,Rudy Rucker,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olaf_Stapledon,Olaf Stapledon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon_R._Dickson,Gordon R. Dickson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_L._Forward,Robert L. Forward,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/k70dh/whats_the_best_scifi_novel_you_have_ever_read/,Whats the best Sci-Fi novel you have ever read?,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1954347/,Continuum,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andy_Weir_%28writer%29,Andy Weir,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0049223/,Forbidden Planet,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2209764/,Transcendence,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112682/,The City of Lost Children,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.npr.org/2011/08/11/139085843/your-picks-top-100-science-fiction-fantasy-books,Top 100 sci-fi and fantasy books as picked by NPR listeners,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1839578/,Person of Interest,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2347.Jeanne_DuPrau,Jeanne DuPrau,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2543164/,Arrival,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0816692/,Interstellar,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/455373.Sphere,Sphere,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2397535/,Predestination,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118929/,Dark City,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1286039/,Stargate Universe,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Crichton,Michael Crichton,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/11.The_Hitchhiker_s_Guide_to_the_Galaxy,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/12130438.Dennis_E_Taylor,Dennis E. Taylor,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://letterboxd.com/potherca/list/the-awesome-sci-fi-list/,List of all the movies from this list on Letterboxd,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Towel_Day,International Towel Day,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/3472.Margaret_Atwood,Margaret Atwood,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083658/,Blade Runner,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0177789/,Galaxy Quest,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/189931-remembrance-of-earth-s-past,Remembrance of Earth's Past Trilogy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0436992/,Doctor Who,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17863.Accelerando,Accelerando,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liu_Cixin,Liu Cixin,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114746/,Twelve Monkeys,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Stross,Charles Stross,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6981174.Tom_Sweterlitsch,Tom Sweterlitsch,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17866.Glasshouse,Glasshouse,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35519101-rogue-protocol,Rogue Protocol,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1858.Kim_Stanley_Robinson,Kim Stanley Robinson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390384/,Primer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1856101/,Blade Runner 2049,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13335037-divergent,Divergent,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43253-the-book-of-the-long-sun,The Book of the Long Sun,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119116/,The Fifth Element,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2661044/,The 100,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77566.Hyperion,Hyperion,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.thisisbarry.com/book/the-gone-world-ending-explained-tom-sweterlitsch-book/,great book ending explanation,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1136608/,District 9,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056119/,La Jetée,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veronica_Roth,Veronica Roth,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17214.Starship_Troopers,Starship Troopers,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094535/,Red Dwarf,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9265453-embassytown,Embassytown,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog-static/fiction/accelerando/accelerando-intro.html,the ebook is available for free in a variety of formats on Stross's website,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18490708-echopraxia,Echopraxia (Firefall #2),https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119177/,Gattaca,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_A._Heinlein,Robert A. Heinlein,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_Mi%C3%A9ville,China Miéville,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/149063.The_Sands_of_Mars,The Sands of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Simmons,Dan Simmons,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34600958-persepolis-rising,Persepolis Rising,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/117842.The_Songs_of_Distant_Earth,The Songs of Distant Earth,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20881139-black-science-vol-1,Black Science,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/968827.Where_Late_the_Sweet_Birds_Sang,Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2493.The_Time_Machine,The Time Machine,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0142032/,Dune,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/226004.A_Deepness_in_the_Sky,A Deepness in the Sky,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Remender,Rick Remender,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kate_Wilhelm,Kate Wilhelm,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088846/,Brazil,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0371724/,The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/830.Snow_Crash,Snow Crash,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10710770-manhattan-in-reverse,Manhattan in Reverse,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/100933.That_Hideous_Strength,That Hideous Strength,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5691552/,The Orville,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernor_Vinge,Vernor Vinge,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/list/show/148073.The_Awesome_Sci_Fi_List,List of all the novels, short story collections, and comic books from this list on Goodreads,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30628.Out_of_the_Silent_Planet_Perelandra_That_Hideous_Strength?ac=1,Space Trilogy: Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra, and That Hideous Strength,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0379786/,Serenity (Firefly),https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17333324-ancillary-justice,Ancillary Justice,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0017136/,Metropolis,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7083.Do_Androids_Dream_of_Electric_Sheep_,Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17184.The_Invisible_Man,The Invisible Man,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/49783-manifold,Manifold series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113568/,Ghost in the Shell,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16234584-the-drowned-world,The Drowned World,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6597651-the-windup-girl,The Windup Girl,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2861424/,Rick and Morty,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ann_Leckie,Ann Leckie,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/131379-magic-2-0,Magic 2.0 Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Baxter_(author),Stephen Baxter,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/414999.Childhood_s_End,Childhood’s End,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/56399-expanse,Expanse,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/473850.Make_Room_Make_Room_,Make Room! Make Room!,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._G._Wells,H. G. Wells,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._G._Ballard,J. G. Ballard,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Meyer_(author),Scott Meyer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paolo_Bacigalupi,Paolo Bacigalupi,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0381940/,Cargo,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/101869.The_Atrocity_Archives,The Laundry Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8694515-home-fires,Home Fires,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0796264/,Eureka,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_S._A._Corey,James S.A. Corey,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20518872-the-three-body-problem,The Three-Body Problem,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43318-night-s-dawn,Night’s Dawn Trilogy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60146.Behold_the_Man,Behold the Man,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/666601.There_Are_Doors,There Are Doors,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0399201/,The Island,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0061287/,The Prisoner,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35519109-exit-strategy,Exit Strategy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Harrison_(writer),Harry Harrison,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40379.The_Warlord_of_Mars,The Warlord of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1706620/,Snowpiercer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24800.House_of_Leaves,House of Leaves,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_basic_income,Universal basic income,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Moorcock,Michael Moorcock,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Z._Danielewski,Mark Z. Danielewski,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0259711/,Vanilla Sky,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0181689/,Minority Report,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLpAd9j9n7k,Austin McConnell's video,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1823672/,Chappie,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5470.1984,1984,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0187636/,Farscape,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19105727-adulthood-rites,Adulthood Rites,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Orwell,George Orwell,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0047034/,Godzilla,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106145/,Star Trek: Deep Space Nine,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21611.The_Forever_War,The Forever War,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40445.Altered_Carbon,Altered Carbon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087182/,Dune,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/102327.Armor,Armor,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0756683/,The Man from Earth,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/56392-revelation-space,Revelation Space,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Haldeman,Joe Haldeman,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_K._Morgan,Richard K. Morgan,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084726/,Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21798296-of-time-and-stars,Of Time and Stars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1182345/,Moon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/49128-polity-universe-chronological-order,The Polity,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106179/,The X-Files,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Steakley,John Steakley,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28335698-tiamat-s-wrath,Tiamat's Wrath,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25350.Out_of_the_Silent_Planet,Out of the Silent Planet,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neal_Asher,Neal Asher,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77711.A_Fire_Upon_the_Deep,A Fire Upon the Deep,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20410412-the-deep-range,The Deep Range,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/141805.Cities_in_Flight,Cities in Flight,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/76740.The_Demolished_Man,The Demolished Man,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/93269.Earth_Abides,Earth Abides,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24968342-nexus,Nexus,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2509242.Future_Times_Three,Future Times Three,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20706284-ancillary-sword,Ancillary Sword,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Blish,James Blish,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23168817-the-dark-forest,The Dark Forest,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_R._Stewart,George R. Stewart,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18616975-off-to-be-the-wizard,Off to Be the Wizard,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfred_Bester,Alfred Bester,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/375802.Ender_s_Game,Ender’s Game,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113243/,Hackers,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0303461/,Firefly,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramez_Naam,Ramez Naam,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17470674-fahrenheit-451,Fahrenheit 451,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grandfather_paradox,Grandfather paradox,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8855321-leviathan-wakes,Leviathan Wakes,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5171438/,Star Trek: Discovery,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4711854-the-machine-stops,The Machine Stops,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1631867/,Edge of Tomorrow,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2845024-anathem,Anathem,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40387.Thuvia_Maid_of_Mars,Thuvia, Maid of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Bradbury,Ray Bradbury,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43978-greg-mandel,Greg Mandel Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._M._Forster,Edward Morgan Forster,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3659388/,The Martian,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15819022-global-frequency,Global Frequency,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_F._Hamilton,Peter F. Hamilton,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17609348-imago,Imago,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwegian_University_of_Science_and_Technology,NTNU,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1483013/,Oblivion,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/216363.The_Man_in_the_High_Castle,The Man in the High Castle,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/827.The_Diamond_Age,The Diamond Age: Or, A Young Lady’s Illustrated Primer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18423.The_Left_Hand_of_Darkness,The Left Hand of Darkness,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052520/,Twilight Zone,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_K._Dick,Philip K. Dick,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/156783.Axiomatic,Axiomatic,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20819685-the-bone-clocks,The Bone Clocks,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6334.Never_Let_Me_Go,Never Let Me Go,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0069293/,Solaris,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0206634/,Children of Men,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Mitchell_%28author%29,David Mitchell,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/125903-frontlines,Frontlines Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1199688.Babel_17,Babel-17,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1119644/,Fringe,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/55674-maddaddam,Oryx and Crake,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_R._Delany,Samuel R. Delany,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31638.The_Ultramarines_Omnibus,The Ultramarines Omnibus,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4280.Kazuo_Ishiguro,Kazuo Ishiguro,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/57134-jean-le-flambeur,Jean le Flambeur Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0244365/,Star Trek: Enterprise,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34068552-salvation,Salvation,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/227463.A_Clockwork_Orange,A Clockwork Orange,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Atwood,Margaret Atwood,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0133093/,The Matrix,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_McNeill,Graham Mcniell,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Burgess,Anthony Burgess,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hannu_Rajaniemi,Hannu Rajaniemi,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17131869-saga-vol-2,Saga,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0125659/,Open Your Eyes,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0307479/,Solaris,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/845501.The_Fifth_Head_of_Cerberus,The Fifth Head of Cerberus,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1981484.The_Voyage_of_the_Space_Beagle,The Voyage of the Space Beagle,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23197269-aurora,Aurora,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074486/,Eraserhead,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/433567.Flatland,Flatland,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7967.Speaker_for_the_Dead,Speaker for the Dead,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61666.Contact,Contact,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/769658.Battlefield_Earth,Battlefield Earth,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/729760.Stories_of_Your_Life_and_Others,Stories of Your Life and Others,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1371111/,Cloud Atlas,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21418013-lock-in,Lock In,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Abbott_Abbott,Edwin A. Abbott,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orson_Scott_Card,Orson Scott Card,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5129.Brave_New_World,Brave New World,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Sagan,Carl Sagan,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.markokloos.com/,Marko Kloos,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ted_Chiang,Ted Chiang,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kim_Stanley_Robinson,Kim Stanley Robinson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081874/,Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldous_Huxley,Aldous Huxley,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L._Ron_Hubbard,L. Ron Hubbard,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/776573.Riddley_Walker,Riddley Walker,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0851578/,Paprika,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60147.The_Dancers_at_the_End_of_Time,The Dancers at the End of Time,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2910814/,The Signal,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/49118-culture,The Culture Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/156784.Permutation_City,Permutation City,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/816.Cryptonomicon,Cryptonomicon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12591698-caliban-s-war,Caliban's War,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21483760-spell-or-high-water,Spell or High Water,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_Hoban,Russell Hoban,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092455/,Star Trek: The Next Generation,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105946/,Babylon 5,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25451264-death-s-end,Death's End,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0945513/,Source Code,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iain_Banks,Iain M. Banks,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/64341.The_Metamorphosis_of_Prime_Intellect,The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40378.The_Chessmen_of_Mars,The Chessmen of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/333867.The_Stars_My_Destination,The Stars My Destination,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/730945.Dad_s_Nuke,Dad's Nuke,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1293688.A_E_van_Vogt,A.E. Van Vogt,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22733729-the-long-way-to-a-small-angry-planet,The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2051879/,Europa Report,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Laidlaw,Marc Laidlaw,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43942-barsoom,Barsoom series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/222093.City,City,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Becky_Chambers_(author),Becky Chambers,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/350.Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land,Stranger in a Strange Land,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/96478.Kiln_People,Kiln People,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edgar_Rice_Burroughs,Edgar Rice Burroughs,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1798709/,Her,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060028/,Star Trek: The Original Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2866360/,Coherence,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30896668-alex-ada,Alex + Ada,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0222293/,Possible Worlds,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/40740-commonwealth-saga,Commonwealth Saga,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/49858-daemon,Daemon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4158110/,Mr. Robot,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0139809/,The Thirteenth Floor,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10374.Hard_Boiled_Wonderland_and_the_End_of_the_World,Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10842223-the-incal,The Incal,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Su%C3%A1rez,Daniel Suárez,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/591572.Jem,Jem,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/40789-old-man-s-war,Old Man’s War,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clifford_D._Simak,Clifford D. Simak,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/509784.The_End_of_Eternity,The End of Eternity,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6288.The_Road,The Road,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederik_Pohl,Frederik Pohl,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Scalzi,John Scalzi,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luna_Brothers,Jonathan Luna,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0470752/,Ex Machina,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079944/,Stalker,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9969571-ready-player-one,Ready Player One,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/910863.Spin,Spin,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/191900,The Murderbot Diaries,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://sindresorhus.com,@sindresorhus,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernest_Cline,Ernest Cline,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Charles_Wilson,Robert Charles Wilson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2884206/,I Origins,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35066358-the-first-fifteen-lives-of-harry-august,The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martha_Wells,Martha Wells,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48484.Blindsight,Blindsight (Firefall #1),https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0407362/,Battlestar Galactica,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0374455/,Stargate Atlantis,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/43520-void,Void Trilogy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112159/,Neon Genesis Evangelion,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_test,Turing test,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catherine_Webb,Claire North,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268695/,The Time Machine,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYjLrJRuMnY,one more episode,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24830.The_Illustrated_Man,The Illustrated Man,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Watts_%28author%29,Peter Watts,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27833670-dark-matter,Dark Matter,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36348525-severance,Severance,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/2765575.Roger_Williams,Roger Williams,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118884/,Contact,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blake_Crouch,Blake Crouch,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13651.The_Dispossessed,The Dispossessed,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Trek_V:_The_Final_Frontier,Roddenberry's final frontier,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/348.The_Door_Into_Summer,The Door Into Summer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/14078.David_Brin,David Brin,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/77507.Red_Mars,Red Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18373.Flowers_for_Algernon,Flowers for Algernon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7372180.Sarah_Vaughn,Sarah Vaughn,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0114558/,Strange Days,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/112537.Rendezvous_with_Rama,Rendezvous with Rama,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4178.Cormac_McCarthy,Cormac McCarthy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23249416-an-unwelcome-quest,An Unwelcome Quest,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Keyes,Daniel Keyes,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25835917-thin-air,Thin Air,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16131032-abaddon-s-gate,Abaddon's Gate,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/164154.A_Canticle_for_Leibowitz,A Canticle for Leibowitz,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120907/,eXistenZ,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118480/,Stargate SG1,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0343818/,I, Robot,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_M._Miller,_Jr.,Walter M. Miller, Jr.,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/27003.The_Eyre_Affair,The Eyre Affair,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41804.I_Robot,I, Robot,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33549.The_Shrinking_Man,The Shrinking Man,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40395.A_Princess_of_Mars,A Princess of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/17343848.Ling_Ma,Ling Ma,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40385.The_Master_Mind_of_Mars,The Master Mind of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Matheson,Richard Matheson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448134/,Sunshine,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22328.Neuromancer,Neuromancer,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13821.Lord_of_Light,Lord of Light,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/15736709-the-manhattan-projects-volume-1,The Manhattan Projects,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Gibson,William Gibson,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2085059/,Black Mirror,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45258.Fallen_Dragon,Fallen Dragon,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/271587.The_Island_of_Dr_Death_and_Other_Stories_and_Other_Stories,The Island of Dr. Death and Other Stories and Other Stories,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8748185-arzach,Arzach,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41821.The_Gods_Themselves,The Gods Themselves,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1375666/,Inception,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/41069.Stand_on_Zanzibar,Stand on Zanzibar,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32758901-all-systems-red,All Systems Red,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/156785.Diaspora,Diaspora,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Brunner_%28novelist%29,John Brunner,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36694961-dawn,Dawn,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greg_Egan,Greg Egan,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36566205-fight-and-flight,Fight and Flight,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/156780.Schild_s_Ladder,Schild’s Ladder,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/34811896-pandemic,Pandemic,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4432.Jasper_Fforde,Jasper Fforde,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076987/,Blakes 7,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/29579.Foundation,Foundation,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/331256.Roadside_Picnic,Roadside Picnic,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/41545-golden-age,The Golden Age,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13453029-wool-omnibus,Wool Omnibus,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18656030-cibola-burn,Cibola Burn,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaac_Asimov,Isaac Asimov,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkady_and_Boris_Strugatsky,Arkady Strugatsky & Boris Strugatsky,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062622/,2001: A Space Odyssey,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8909.The_War_of_the_Worlds,The War of the Worlds,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Howey,Hugh Howey,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40604388-walkaway,Walkaway,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_C._Wright_%28author%29,John C. Wright,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/31451186-borne,Borne,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cory_Doctorow,Cory Doctorow,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40386.A_Fighting_Man_of_Mars,A Fighting Man of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/149267.The_Stand,The Stand,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18490.Frankenstein,Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Shelley,Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/250024.The_City_and_the_Stars,The City and the Stars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2723.The_Years_of_Rice_and_Salt,The Years of Rice and Salt,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/841973.The_Gods_of_Mars,The Gods of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0287839/,Children of Dune,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12961964-the-handmaid-s-tale,The Handmaid's Tale,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/100924.Perelandra,Perelandra,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/10552338-reamde,REAMDE,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22416.Transmetropolitan_Vol_1,Transmetropolitan,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1126719.House_of_Suns,House of Suns,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/3087199.A_G_Riddle,A.G. Riddle,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/41816-ware,Ware,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alastair_Reynolds,Alastair Reynolds,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36223860-artificial-condition,Artificial Condition,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/263466.Dragon_s_Egg,Dragon’s Egg,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61998.Doorways_in_the_Sand,Doorways in the Sand,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/525304.Star_Maker,Star Maker,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/33413556-the-gone-world,The Gone World,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39751936-out-of-spite-out-of-mind,Out of Spite, Out of Mind,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/536951.Time_Storm,Time Storm,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/95558.Solaris,Solaris,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/106753.The_Ice_People,The Ice People,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22886612-nemesis-games,Nemesis Games,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39334343-lilith-s-brood,Xenogenesis Trilogy,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40376.Swords_of_Mars,Swords of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Octavia_E._Butler,Octavia Butler,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18007564-the-martian,The Martian,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/70956.Red_Dwarf_Omnibus,Red Dwarf,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066921/,A Clockwork Orange,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22358.We3,We3,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0405296/,A Scanner Darkly,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/series/86528-y-the-last-man,Y: The Last Man,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40384.Synthetic_Men_of_Mars,Synthetic Men of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/25877663-babylon-s-ashes,Babylon's Ashes,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094625/,Akira,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9056319,What are your favourite sci-fi books?,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/215954.Llana_of_Gathol,Llana of Gathol,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40388.John_Carter_of_Mars,John Carter of Mars,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32109569-we-are-legion-we-are-bob,Bobiverse Series,https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme,Science Fiction