https://kiwiirc.com/,Kiwi IRC,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.s9y.org/,Serendipity,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/who-does-that-server-really-serve.html,SaaSS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_PBX,IPBX,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://www.postfix.org/,Postfix,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://retroshare.cc,RetroShare,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hawkpost.co,Hawkpost,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://n8n.io/,n8n,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.sympa.org/,Sympa,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ckan.org,CKAN,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.rainloop.net/,RainLoop,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ungleich.ch/u/projects/ubookmark/,ubookmark,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gnu.org/software/mailman/,Mailman,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sandbox.tinode.co/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/davical-project/davical,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://chaskiq.io,Chaskiq,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://nodebb.org/,NodeBB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_service,network services,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://scoold.com,Scoold,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mattermost.org/,Mattermost,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ngircd.barton.de/,ngircd,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://revolt.chat/,Revolt,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/commento/commento,Commento,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://twister.net.co/,twister,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.weblogmatrix.org/,WeblogMatrix,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://formtools.org/,Formtools,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://typo3.org/,TYPO3,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://blitiri.com.ar/git/r/chasquid/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.keystonejs.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://board.asm32.info,AsmBB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/localfoodnodes/localfoodnodes,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_application,web applications,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mailu.io/,Mailu,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://backdropcms.org/,Backdrop CMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.goodoldweb.com/,Orange Forum,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.erlang-solutions.com/products/mongooseim.html,MongooseIM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/prologic/golinks,golinks,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ipv6.blog,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://projekte.textmulch.de/bicbucstriim/,BicBucStriim,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.asterisk.org/,Asterisk,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://routr.io,Routr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://blog.trailofbits.com/2015/12/15/self-hosted-video-chat-with-tuber/,Tuber,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.chatwoot.com,Chatwoot,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://feed2toot.readthedocs.io/,feed2toot,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://alf.io/,Alf.io,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pkp.sfu.ca/ocs/,Open Conference Systems (OCS),https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rero21.ch/,RERO ILS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cr.yp.to/qmail.html,Qmail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://erdgeist.org/gitweb/opentracker/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://new-ux.spreecommerce.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://feedhq.org/,FeedHQ,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://quassel-irc.org/,Quassel IRC,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mail.rainloop.net,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spftoolbox.com,SPF Toolbox,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://f-droid.org/packages/org.decsync.cc/,DecSync CC,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://soyuka.github.io/explorer/,explorer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.tt-rss.org/fox/the-epube,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/unison/,Unison,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mindustrygame.github.io/,Mindustry,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://live.scoold.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.nocodb.com/,NocoDB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://miaou.dystroy.org/login,MiAOU,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://directus.io/,Directus,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://asm32.info/fossil/asmbb/index,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://collectiveaccess.org/,Collective Access - Providence,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://afterlogic.org/webmail-lite,Afterlogic WebMail Lite,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coralproject.net/,Coral,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.igniterealtime.org/projects/openfire/,Openfire,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rocket.chat/,Rocket.Chat,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.resourcespace.com/svn,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://cubny.com/lite-reader/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://openmeetings.apache.org/scm.html,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://umbraco.com/,Umbraco,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wbo.ophir.dev/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.pimcore.org/,Pimcore,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.nextcloud.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://oneye-project.org/,oneye,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://code.ungleich.ch/ungleich-public/ubookmark/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://icehrm.com/,IceHrm,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://modx.com/,MODX,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.courier-mta.org/,Courier MTA,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.espocrm.com/,EspoCRM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://conduit.rs/,Conduit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://svn.fhem.de/trac,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://www.opengts.org/,OpenGTS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pretix.eu/,Pretix,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://modoboa.org/en/,Modoboa,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://twtxt.net,twtxt.net,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docspell.org,Docspell,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.rosariosis.org/,RosarioSIS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.minetest.net/,Minetest,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://libretime.org,LibreTime,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://umap.openstreetmap.fr/en/,uMap,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hubzilla.org,Hubzilla,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bigtreecms.org/,BigTree CMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.opensource-socialnetwork.org/,OSSN,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.alf.io/authentication,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sip3.io/,SIP3,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://listen-to-euterpe.eu,euterpe,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framanews.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://calibre-ebook.com/,Calibre,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://datarhei.github.io/restreamer/,Restreamer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freshrss.org/,FreshRSS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://auspham.dev/FireShare,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pkp.sfu.ca/ocs/ocs_demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://webthings.io/gateway/,WebThings Gateway,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://roundcube.net,Roundcube,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://antville.org,Antville,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://filebrowser.org/,filebrowser,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.etebase.com/,Etebase (EteSync),https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openfoodnetwork.org/,Open Food Network,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://codeberg.org/heretic/torrents-csv-server,Torrents.csv,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://prosody.im/,Prosody IM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.silverstripe.org,SilverStripe,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.karaoke-forever.com,Karaoke Forever,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://z-push.org/,Z-Push,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://miniflux.app/,Miniflux,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.raveberry.party/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://robustirc.net/,Robust IRC,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spectrum.im/,Spectrum 2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.simplemachines.org/,Simple Machines Forum,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://plone.org/,Plone,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rxresu.me/,Reactive Resume,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mibew.org,Mibew,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://domainmod.org,DomainMOD,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pyload.net/,pyLoad,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.silverstrike.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.neos.io,Neos,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://passky.org,Passky,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.missionkontrol.io,MissionKontrol,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.projectsend.org/,ProjectSend,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://search.mills.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://unmark.it/,unmark,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/rygel/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://akaunting.com/,Akaunting,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wagtail.io/,Wagtail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://icehrm.com/demo.php,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://inventree.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,Inventree,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/chaica/feed2toot,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.webtrees.net,webtrees,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://havenweb.org/,Haven,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.standardnotes.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.kerberos.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://home-gallery.org,HomeGallery,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.rosariosis.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.spaceb.in,Spacebin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://photoview.github.io/,Photoview,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cryptonote.me/,cryptonote,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gancio.org/,Gancio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://duraspace.org/dspace/,DSpace,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://track.opengts.org/track/Track,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sources.debian.net/src/netqmail/1.06-5/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bbpress.org/,bbPress,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/famedly/conduit,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://ulogger.fabiszewski.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://nginxproxymanager.com/,Nginx Proxy Manager,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://svn.apache.org/viewvc/ofbiz/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://i-librarian.net,I, Librarian,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.firefly-iii.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ricostacruz.com/flatdoc/,Flatdoc,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://helpcenter.onlyoffice.com/faq/server-opensource.aspx,ONLYOFFICE,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://farmos.org/,farmOS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sist2.simon987.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.accesstomemory.org/,Access to Memory (AtoM),https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://localizer.dev,Localizer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://metacpan.org/dist/App-mojopaste,mojopaste,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://try.gitea.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lms.demo.poupon.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.oneye-project.org/0.9:demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://portal.form.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.flap.cloud,FLAP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.freshrss.org/i/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.tt-rss.org/fox/tt-rss,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sandstorm.io/,Sandstorm,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://radicale.org/,Radicale,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openssh.com/,OpenSSH SFTP server,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/mojo42/Jirafeau,Jirafeau,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://code.rhodecode.com/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://blog.m1k1o.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://squirrelmail.org,SquirrelMail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://calendso.com/,Calendso,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://u.azlux.fr,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://thelounge.chat/,The Lounge,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lite.afterlogic.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://osem.io/,osem,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://radarr.video/,Radarr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.anuko.com/time_tracker/index.htm,Anuko,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kallithea-scm.org/,Kallithea,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rxresu.me/app/dashboard/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hg.prosody.im/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://clearflask.com,ClearFlask,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.budibase.com,Budibase,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sylius.com,Sylius,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mtasa.com/,MTA:SA,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.todomini.app/,todoMini,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wikiss.tuxfamily.org/,WiKiss,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.zentao.pm/user-login.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://vault.passky.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://socialhome.network,Socialhome,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://traefik.io/,Traefik,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://erxes.io/install/,Erxes,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/simple-nixos-mailserver/nixos-mailserver,Simple NixOS Mailserver,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sogo.nu/,SOGo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mixmark-io.github.io/turndown/,turndown,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pagure.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html,GNU General Public License 3.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fsh.ee,Link,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.silverstripe.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.astppbilling.org/,ASTPP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mindmaps.app,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://leanote.com/note,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://meetable.org,Meetable,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://personal-management-system.pl/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GFDL-1.1-or-later.html,GNU Free Documentation License v1.1,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.php-proxy.com/,PHP-Proxy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.sip3.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://filegator.io/,FileGator,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://transmissionbt.com/,Transmission,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://photos.qpqp.dk/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.tryton.org/,Tryton,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.proofpoint.com/us/products/email-protection/open-source-email-solution,Sendmail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/SSPL-1.0.html,Server Side Public License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/francoisjacquet/rosariosis/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freedns.afraid.org/domain/registry/,Afraid.org,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gladysassistant.com/,Gladys,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://calibre-ebook.com/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.invoiceninja.org/,Invoice Ninja,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://p.thorsen.pm/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.phpbb.com/,phpBB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.cloudron.io/cloudron/surfer,Surfer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://about.gitlab.com,GitLab,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.home-gallery.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.drupalcode.org/project/drupal,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://typesense.org,Typesense,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://stash.kopano.io/projects/ZHUB/repos/z-push,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rustpad.io/,Rustpad,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://documize.com,Documize,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.lowdefy.com/,Lowdefy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/APSL-2.0,Apple Public Source License, Version 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://monicahq.com/,Monica,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://galette.eu/dc/,Galette,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.os-js.org/,OS.js,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/flap-box/flap,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framagit.org/hubzilla/core,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sheetable.net,SheetAble,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://next.kaiserapps.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mretc.net/feedmixer/json?f=https://hnrss.org/newest&f=https://americancynic.net/atom.xml&n=1,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.fusio-project.org/,Fusio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coder.com/,Code-Server,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://zulip.org,Zulip,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sabre.io/,SabreDAV,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bludit.com/,Bludit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://releasebell.com/,ReleaseBell,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dpaste.org/,dpaste,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.domainmod.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.sickrage.ca,SickRage,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://appmini.github.io/todoMini/?demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://net64-mod.github.io,Net64+,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://havenweb.org/demo.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_streaming_media_systems,List of streaming media systems - Wikipedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://timetracker.anuko.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spaceb.in,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://processwire.com/,ProcessWire,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://simplelogin.io,SimpleLogin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/yarnsocial/yarn,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://saleor.io,Saleor,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.erxes.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dev.webtrees.net/demo-stable/index.php?ctype=gedcom&ged=demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://snikket.org/,Snikket,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://aerokube.com/selenoid/latest/,Selenoid,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.orangehrm.com/,OrangeHRM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cypht.org,Cypht,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.karaoke-forever.com/repo,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tt-rss.org/tt-irc/,Tiny Tiny IRC,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mainnet.demo.btcpayserver.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://openolitor.org/,OpenOlitor,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.talkyard.io/,Talkyard,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/p/squirrelmail/code/HEAD/tree/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mibew.org/demo2,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.xbrowsersync.org,xBrowserSync,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://readthedocs.org/,Read the Docs,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://moodeaudio.org/,moOde Audio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://unblockvideos.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.filegator.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.eprints.org/,EPrints,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://creativecommons.org/about/cc0/,Public Domain,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://listen-to-euterpe.eu/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://getstream.io/winds/,Winds,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.osem.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.phproject.org/,Phproject,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.opensupports.com/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://podupti.me/go.php,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.horde.org/,Horde,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.fsh.ee,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.courier-mta.org/repo.html,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://jirafeau.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gregordr.github.io/ImageStore/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.elabftw.net,eLabFTW,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/projects/opengts/files/server-base/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/IPL-1.0,IBM Public License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/draganczukp/simply-shorten,Simply Shorten,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dev.sigpipe.me/dashie/StockazNG,StockazNG,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://webodf.org/,WebODF,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cvsweb.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/cvsweb/src/usr.bin/ssh,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.scm-manager.org/,SCM Manager,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.bludit.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://events.indieweb.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.gancio.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.typo3.org/Packages/TYPO3.Neos.git,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://element.io,Element,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://posativ.org/isso/,Isso,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.getmotoradmin.com/,Motor Admin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.os-js.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://moonmoon.org/,Moonmoon,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://anonaddy.com,AnonAddy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://phpaste.sourceforge.io/,Paste,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://exbin.call-cc.be,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://localize.todorant.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pagekite.net/,Pagekite,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kutyla-philipp.github.io/simple-dash/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://asciiflow.com/,asciiflow,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.getontracks.org/,Tracks,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://readflow.app,Readflow,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://svnweb.tuxfamily.org/listing.php?repname=wikiss/svn&path=%2F&sc=0,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.sandstorm.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.eclipse.org/che/,Eclipse Che,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GFDL-1.2-only.html,GNU Free Documentation License v1.2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.goffi.org/wiki/Libervia/en,Libervia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kallithea-scm.org/repos/kallithea,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lolisafe.moe/,Chibisafe,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.wondercms.com,WonderCMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.flyspray.org/,Flyspray,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wildduck.email/,wildduck,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.spreed.me/,Spreed,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lbry.com/,LBRY,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pixelfed.social,PixelFed,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.freepbx.org,Freepbx,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://musical-artifacts.com/,Musical Artifacts,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://psono.com/,Psono,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.mumble.info/wiki/Main_Page,Mumble,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bolt.cm/,Bolt CMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.getsiteinspector.com/,SiteInspector,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://product.clearflask.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.talkyard.io/forum/latest,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.dokuwiki.org/DokuWiki,Dokuwiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.calendso.com/bailey,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bigbluebutton.org/,BigBlueButton,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://propertywebbuilder.com,PropertyWebBuilder,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://binnette.github.io/homebank-converter/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://snikket.org/app/,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sbpp.github.io,SourceBans++,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://vanillaforums.org/,Vanilla Forums,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fusio-project.org/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://i-librarian.net/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dev.pste.pw/,Pste,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.phproject.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://demo.horde.org/login.php,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lycheeorg.github.io/,Lychee,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ils.test.rero.ch/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freedombone.net/,FreedomBone,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.spip.net/fr,SPIP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/projects/orangehrm/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/Shinobi-Systems/ShinobiCE,ShinobiCE,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://turtl.it/,Turtl,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bpatrik.github.io/pigallery2/,PiGallery 2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://meemo.minimal-space.de/,Meemo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/Artistic-2.0,Artistic License Version 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://volumio.org/,Volumio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fivefilters.org/content-only,Full-Text RSS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://launchpad.net/calibre,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pomerium.io,Pomerium,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framagit.org/les/gancio,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://unlicense.org/,The Unlicense,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://owncloud.org/,ownCloud,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bluemind.net/en/,BlueMind,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_streaming_media_systems,Comparison of streaming media systems - Wikipedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://termbin.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.tt-rss.org/fox/tt-irc,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://osticket.com/,osTicket,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.exim.org/,Exim,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bulletnotes.io/,BulletNotes,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://join-lemmy.org/,Lemmy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pootle.translatehouse.org,Pootle,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitpod.io/,Gitpod,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/p/tikiwiki/code/HEAD/tree/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pasty.lus.pm/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.newsblur.com/,NewsBlur,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://jitsi.org/Projects/JitsiMeet,Jitsi Meet,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.invoiceninja.com/invoices/create,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://home-assistant.io/,Home Assistant,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coquelicot.potager.org/,Coquelicot,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://vikunja.io/,Vikunja,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.fsh.ee/i/link,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GFDL-1.2-or-later.html,GNU Free Documentation License v1.2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://convos.chat/,Convos,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://tryme.demo.eprints-hosting.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.xandikos.org/,Xandikos,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.filestash.app/,Filestash,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cachethq.io/,Cachet,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.psono.pw,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.mumble.info/wiki/3rd_Party_Applications,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://stashapp.cc,Stash,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hotglue.me/,Hotglue,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.sipcapture.org/,SIPCAPTURE Homer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://flox-demo.pyxl.dev/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.cyrusimap.org/,Cyrus IMAP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.discourse.org/,Discourse,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.accesstomemory.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted,/r/selfhosted,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/CDDL-1.0,Common Development and Distribution License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mobilizon.org,Mobilizon,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.horde.org/apps/imp/,IMP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.tryton.org/download.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mahara.org/,Mahara,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://easyappointments.org/,Easy!Appointments,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://teddit.net,Teddit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.sakaiproject.org/,Sakai,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.shellhub.io,ShellHub,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.isc.org/downloads/software-support-policy/isc-license/,Internet Systems Consortium License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://minio.io/,Minio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://yourls.org/,YOURLS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kolab.org/,Kolab,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lbry.tv/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://piwigo.org/,Piwigo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.slimta.org,Slimta,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sylius.com/try/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.tagspaces.org/,TagSpaces,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://www.sentrifugo.com/,Sentrifugo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://notica.us,Notica,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://airsonic.github.io/,Airsonic,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pretalx.org,pretalx,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pydio.com/,Pydio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/Beerware.html,Beerware License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hitobito.com/en,hitobito,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.alltubedownload.net,Alltube,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://forge.bluemind.net/stash/projects/BM/repos/bluemind-public/browse,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.apsis.ch/pound.html,Pound,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://try.bolt.cm/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tigase.net/xmpp-server,Tigase,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://repos.goffi.org/libervia-web,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://notes.orga.cat/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/MediaWiki,Mediawiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coquelicot.potager.org/dist/coquelicot-0.9.6.tar.gz,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.unrealircd.org/,UnrealIRCd,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freenetproject.org/index.html,Freenet,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.projeqtor.org/,ProjeQtOr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bitbucket.org/fivefilters/full-text-rss,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://my-mind.github.io/?url=examples%2Ffeatures.mymind,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pleroma.social,Pleroma,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kibitzr.github.io,Kibitzr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.wallabag.org,Wallabag,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://propertywebbuilder.herokuapp.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.exim.org/exim.git,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://readthedocs.org/projects/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://syncloud.org/,Syncloud,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hotglue.me/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://winds.getstream.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://smashing.github.io/,Smashing,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://trycanvas.app/,Canvas,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.demo.grocy.info/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/psono,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.budgetzero.io/budget,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-foss,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://archivebox.io/,ArchiveBox,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mediagoblin.org,Mediagoblin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.sr.ht/~cedric/newspipe,Newspipe,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.debops.org/,DebOps,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.cachethq.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://twiki.org/,TWiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/noosfero/noosfero,Noosfero,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.xwiki.org,XWiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://moodle.org/,Moodle,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://staticsitegenerators.net,staticsitegenerators.net,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lavagna.io,Lavagna,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ls.ikl.sh,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bitwarden.com/,Bitwarden,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.cloudron.io/cloudron/releasebell,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tokumei.co/,Tokumei,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://yacy.net/en/index.html,Yacy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.dovecot.org/,Dovecot,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://privatebin.info/,PrivateBin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.wondercms.com/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kleeja.net/,Kleeja,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://goteleport.com/,Teleport,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.sogo.nu/SOGo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://josephernest.github.io/writing/,Writing,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/NickBusey/BulletNotes,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.freepbx.org/projects/FREEPBX,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cweb.gitlab.io/StoneAge.html,StoneAge Messenger,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://blog.slucas.fr/en/oss/calibre-opds-php-server,COPS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.mobilizon.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://thelia.net/,Thelia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.titra.io/try,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.samba.org/,Samba,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ombi.io/,Ombi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://libredd.it/,Libreddit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GFDL-1.3-only.html,GNU Free Documentation License v1.3,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.kolab.org/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hasura.io,Hasura,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://timeoff.management,TimeOff.Management,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.tuxfamily.org/galette/galette.git/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://glitchtip.com,GlitchTip,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://galene.org/,Galene,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.hitobito.com/en/users/sign_in,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ots.fyi/,OTS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.semi.technology/documentation/weaviate/current/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.projeqtor.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/CECILL-B.html,CEA CNRS INRIA Logiciel Libre,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://www.wtfpl.net/about/,Do What the Fuck You Want to Public License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.privoxy.org,Privoxy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://aimeos.org/,Aimeos,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cinwell.com/notea/,Notea,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.ympd.org/,ympd,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://demo.horde.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://elixi.re,elixire,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://easyappointments.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.spip.net/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://taskboard.matthewross.me/,TaskBoard,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Software,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://microweber.com/,Microweber,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.elabftw.net,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docker-mailserver.github.io/docker-mailserver/edge/,docker-mailserver,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlist.org/,Gitlist,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.htmly.com/,htmly,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://moodle.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://filite.raphaeltheriault.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.zenko.io/cloudserver,Zenko CloudServer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git-annex.branchable.com/,Git Annex,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://try.vikunja.io/login,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.craterapp.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.teeworlds.com,Teeworlds,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://agendav.org/,AgenDAV,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://candy-chat.github.io/candy/,Candy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://zusam.org,Zusam,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.wikimatrix.org/,Wikimatrix,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.filestash.app/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://cops-demo.slucas.fr/index.php,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.syspass.org/,sysPass,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://indieweb.org/,IndieWeb,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://twiki.org/cgi-bin/view/Sandbox/WebHome,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://formspree.io/,formspree,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://motor-admin.herokuapp.com/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://privatebin.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.mopidy.com/,Mopidy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.wallabag.it/register/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://writefreely.org,WriteFreely,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://haraka.github.io/,Haraka,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wger.de/,wger,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/diffusion/MW/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://shopware.com/community/,Shopware Community Edition,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://trac.edgewall.org/,Trac,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sipxcom.org/,SipXcom,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/cweb-repos/cweb-conversations,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://suitecrm.com,SuiteCRM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tmate.io/,tmate,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://misago-project.org/,Misago,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.newspipe.org/signup,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://chyrplite.net,Chyrp Lite,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.tagspaces.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.alfresco.com/products/community/download,Alfresco Community Edition,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ubos.net/,UBOS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://home-assistant.io/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hg.tryton.org/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ergo.chat/,Ergo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.salut-a-toi.org/,Salut à Toi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.ombi.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://octobercms.com/,october,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.aimeos.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freedomboxfoundation.org/,FreedomBox,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.timeoff.management,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/glitchtip/glitchtip,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kresus.org/,Kresus,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://squidex.io,Squidex,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://jitsi.org/Projects/JitsiVideobridge,Jitsi Video Bridge,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.archivematica.org/,Archivematica,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fedorarepository.org/,Fedora Commons Repository,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1,Lesser General Public License 2.1,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://keeweb.info/,keeweb,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://u-wave.net/,üWave,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://search.yacy.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://trybootcamp.vitorfs.com,Bootcamp,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mediacms.io,MediaCMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://weechat.org/,Weechat,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dyuproject.com/bookmarks/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitolite.com/gitolite/index.html,Gitolite,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/Zlib,Zlib/libpng License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.moodle.org/gw,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freeswitch.org/,FreeSWITCH,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.getdnote.com,Dnote,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.canvaslms.com/,Canvas LMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://gritttt-rss.nicolashoening.de/,gritttt-rss,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.citadel.org/source.html,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://www.squid-cache.org/,Squid,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.cmsmadesimple.org/,CMS Made Simple,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/tokumei/tokumei,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://project.polr.me/,Polr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serverless_computing,Serverless computing - Wikipedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.opentripplanner.org/,OpenTripPlanner,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://client.etesync.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framagit.org/framasoft/mobilizon/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.revive-adserver.com/,Revive Adserver,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.htmly.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/p/projectorria/code/HEAD/tree/branches/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pach.no/,Pachno,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.microweber.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.zusam.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause,BSD 2-clause "Simplified",https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://primelife.ercim.eu/results/opensource/63-dudle,dudle,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.dolibarr.org/,Dolibarr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hoppscotch.io,Hoppscotch,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://synctube-example.herokuapp.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://test.formspree.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mailyherald.org/,MailyHerald,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mailcatcher.me/,MailCatcher,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.horde.org/download/imp,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.musicpd.org/,mpd,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.staticgen.com,staticgen.com,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gnunet.org/,GNUnet,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://icecoder.net/,ICEcoder,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://airsonic.github.io/docs/apps/,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://caprover.com/,CapRover,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mistserver.org/,MistServer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://svn.twiki.org/svn/twiki/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://webtorrent.io/,bittorrent-tracker,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted,Gitlab.com,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.thelia.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://krayincrm.com/,Krayin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://savannah.gnu.org/projects/mediagoblin,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dadamailproject.com/,Dada Mail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ambar.cloud,Ambar,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_CalDAV_and_CardDAV_implementations,Comparison of CalDAV and CardDAV implementations - Wikipedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lazylead.org,Lazylead,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.devicehive.com/,DeviceHive,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gerbera.io/,Gerbera,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/elixire/elixire,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cloud.squidex.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kresus.org/en/demo.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/CPAL-1.0,Common Public Attribution License Version 1.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://publify.github.io/,Publify,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://misskey.io/,Misskey,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GFDL-1.3-or-later.html,GNU Free Documentation License v1.3,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://politepol.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openhab.org,openHAB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://flashpaper.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://playground.xwiki.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Session_Initiation_Protocol,SIP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hub.alfresco.com/t5/alfresco-content-services-hub/project-overview-repository/ba-p/290502,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://genea.app/,Genea.app,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://buddycloud.com/,Buddycloud,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://padloc.app/,Padloc,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wlk.yt/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.attendize.com/,Attendize,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sandbox.archivematica.org/administration/accounts/login/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://1pxsolidblack.pl/jarr-en.html,JARR,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.cweb.messenger/,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.glowing-bear.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://larsjung.de/h5ai/,h5ai,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://taskboard.matthewross.me/demo.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hexxa-quickshare.herokuapp.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/bitsii/Bitsii/-/wikis/home,Bitsii Bridge,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://appwrite.io,Appwrite,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docpht.org/,DocPHT,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.pleroma.social/pleroma/pleroma,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mozilla-services.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howtos/run-fxa.html,Firefox Account Server,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://svn.cmsmadesimple.org/svn/cmsmadesimple/trunk/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-3.0,Lesser General Public License 3.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.weblate.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://zero-k.info/,Zero-K,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wger.de/en/dashboard,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dante-stories.herokuapp.com/,Dante Stories,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XMPP,Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.phpback.org,PHPBack,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kopano.com/,Kopano,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.syspass.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://woocommerce.com/,WooCommerce,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://google-webfonts-helper.herokuapp.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.musicpd.org/clients/,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://omeka.org,Omeka,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lpss.dk/nnt-playground/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://flextype.org/,Flextype,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mayan-edms.com,Mayan EDMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://nyanko.ws/nymphcast.php,NymphCast,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mailpiler.org/wiki/start,Piler,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kolaente.dev/vikunja/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wazo-platform.org/,Wazo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dudle.inf.tu-dresden.de/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sabre.io/baikal/,Baïkal,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.dotledger.com/,Dot Ledger,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/markbeeson/maildrop,Maildrop,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.orchest.io/,Orchest,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://zpl.pub/page/zplv12,Zope Public License 1.2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coredns.io/,CoreDNS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://freeswitch.org/stash/projects/FS/repos/freeswitch/browse,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://strapi.io/,Strapi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/supportedsites.html,more than 100 websites,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://movim.eu/,Movim,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.shopware.com/en/test-demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://playground.devicehive.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.partkeepr.org,PartKeepr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rebacklogs.saino.me/users/sign_up,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://helpy.io,Helpy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.kavitareader.com/,Kavita,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://adarkroom.doublespeakgames.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gnunet.org/git/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://selfoss.aditu.de/,Selfoss,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://grr.devome.com/?lang=en,GRR,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://try.discourse.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://demo.icecoder.net/ICEcoder/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fugacio.us,Fugacious,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://icecast.org,Icecast 2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://repos.goffi.org/libervia-backend,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.focalboard.com/,Focalboard,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cerb.ai/license/,Devblocks Public License 1.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://inboxen.org,Inboxen,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.joeyh.name/index.cgi/git-annex.git/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://islandora.ca/,Islandora,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bluecherrydvr.com/,Bluecherry,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://matrix.org/docs/projects/server/synapse,Synapse,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://larsjung.de/h5ai/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://buddypress.org/about/,BuddyPress,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://engagemedia.org/projects/plumi/,Plumi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://code.launchpad.net/squid,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://floremotion.de/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-1.0,GNU General Public License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.trackawesomelist.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/,Track Awesome Selfhosted,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://geekmarks.dmitryfrank.com/,Geekmarks,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.iron.io/,iron.io,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://salsa.debian.org/freedombox-team/freedombox,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://blog.marcnuri.com/isotope-mail-client-introduction/,Isotope Mail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cstate.mnts.lt/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://remark42.com/,remark42,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://datproject.org,Dat Project,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://conversejs.org/,Converse.js,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mautic.org/,Mautic,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.linkace.org/,LinkAce,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bestpractical.com/rt/,Request Tracker,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mstream.io/,mStream,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.kimai.org/,Kimai,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openeclass.org/,Open eClass,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://moinmo.in/,MoinMoin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wekan.github.io/,Wekan,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wikisuite.org,WikiSuite,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://yclas.com/,Yclas,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.list.org/HyperKitty,HyperKitty,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT,MIT License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/oddnetworks/oddworks/core,Oddworks,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.collaboraoffice.com/code,Collabora Online Development Edition,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://konghq.com/kong/,Kong,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.flextype.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/elixire/elixiremanager,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensmtpd.org/,OpenSMTPD,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://oddmuse.org/,Oddmuse,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://usecod.com/,Conference Organizing Distribution (COD),https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.dotledger.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://yeti-switch.org/,Yeti-Switch,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://status.scolasti.co/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://shlink.io,Shlink,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cloud.orchest.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bitbucket.org/jsuto/piler,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://maza-ad-blocking.andros.dev/,Maza ad blocking,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dyu.github.io/comments/real-time/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.passbolt.com/,Passbolt,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ampache.org/,Ampache,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://regexr.com/,Regexr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://leantime.io,Leantime,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://haste.zneix.eu/about.md,Hastebin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gotify.net/,Gotify,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://teampass.net/,Teampass,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://play.elevatorsaga.com/,elevatorsaga,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/prologic/pastebin,prologic pastebin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wikiindex.org/Category:Wiki_Engine,Wiki Engines - WikiIndex,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.taskfreak.com/original,Taskfreak,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wackowiki.org/,WackoWiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/ZPL-2.0,Zope Public License 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.resourcespace.com,ResourceSpace,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.phpback.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/LazyLibrarian/LazyLibrarian,LazyLibrarian,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://packages.debian.org/stable/crtmpserver,crtmpserver,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://acp-admin.ch/,ACP Admin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.iredmail.org/,iRedMail,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://syndie.de,Syndie,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html,GNU General Public License 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.shuup.com/,Shuup,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.tine20.org,Tine 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bagisto.com/en/,Bagisto,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.partkeepr.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://canvas.instructure.com/register,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cactus.chat/,Cactus Comments,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://omeka.org/classic/showcase/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://remark42.com/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://homelabos.com,HomelabOS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://chevereto.com/free,Chevereto Free,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/edgii/BBridge,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hospitalrun.io/,Hospital Run,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.dolibarr.org/onlinedemo.php,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.podify.org/,Podify,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.kimai.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.tuleap.org/,Tuleap,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/News_aggregator,news aggregator,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://zim-wiki.org/,Zim,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://file.pizza/,FilePizza,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wikisuite.org/Source-Code,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sit.fyi/,SIT,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.cups.org/,CUPS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.samba.org/samba.git/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bugzilla.org/,Bugzilla,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mybb.com/,MyBB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.inspircd.org/,InspIRCd,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/ECL-2.0,Educational Community License, Version 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.redmine.org/,Redmine,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://keithp.com/calypso/,calypso,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://getcockpit.com,Cockpit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.ejabberd.im/,ejabberd,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fileshelter.demo.poupon.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://papercups.io/,Papercups,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.sismics.com/reader/,Sismics Reader,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dashboard.apostrophecmsdemo.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://linkiwi.github.io/orion-web/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.focalboard.com/download/personal-edition/desktop/,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://localstack.cloud/,LocalStack,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://get-simple.info/,GetSimple CMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://archivesspace.org/,ArchivesSpace,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.fusionpbx.com/,FusionPBX,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cortezaproject.org,Corteza,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.jdsoft.com/jd-esurvey.html,JD Esurvey,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-license.html,BSD 2-Clause FreeBSD License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mozilla.org/media/MPL/1.1/index.txt,Mozilla Public License Version 1.1,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.nsupdate.info/,nsupdate.info,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wiki_software,List of wiki software - Wikipedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.drupalcode.org/project/cod,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/mayan-edms/mayan-edms,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://photonix.org/,Photonix,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.helpy.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://0bin.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://jsxc.org,JSXC,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.linkace.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://octobox.io/,Octobox,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://baserow.io/,Baserow,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/olaris/olaris-server,Olaris,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tontof.net/kriss/feed/,Kriss Feed,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.economizzer.org/,Economizzer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dotclear.org/,Dotclear,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://luraproject.org/,Lura,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://transfer.sh,transfer.sh,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.docpht.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://openremote.io,OpenRemote,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://liftoffsoftware.com/Products/GateOne,GateOne,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://prism-break.org/en/,PRISM Break,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://paperwork.cloud,Paperwork,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://jsbin.com/,JS Bin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://emulinker.org,EmuLinkerSF,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS,RSS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coppermine-gallery.net/,Coppermine,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://solidus.io/,Solidus,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://imgproxy.net/,imgproxy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.resourcespace.com/trial,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pagekit.com/,Pagekit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://yeti-switch.org/demo.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://erpnext.com,ERPNext,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://otranscribe.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tuleap.net/plugins/git/tuleap/tuleap/stable?p=tuleap%2Fstable.git&a=tree,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cloudbox.works,Cloudbox,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://play.dogmazic.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://slingcode.net/,Slingcode,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.getoutline.com/,Outline,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://samvera.org/,Samvera Hyrax,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.js.org/,Wiki.js,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pastefy.ga,Pastefy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/NickBusey/HomelabOS,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://taskord.com,Taskord,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.papercups.io/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gchq.github.io/CyberChef,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html,Eclipse Public License, Version 1.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://shlink.io/apps,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.inf-it.com/open-source/clients/infcloud/,InfCloud,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://instant.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cagette.net/,Cagette,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://textpattern.com/,Textpattern,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.redaxo.org,REDAXO,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.kontalk.org,Kontalk,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-2.0-or-later.html,GNU General Public License v2.0 or later,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.xiph.org/xiph/icecast-server,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitprep.yukikimoto.com/,GitPrep,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.nsupdate.info/account/register/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.joomla.org/,Joomla!,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mailcow.email/,Mailcow,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://trudesk.io/,Trudesk,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.opensourcepos.org/,Open Source POS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://phplist.org,phpList,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://latest.cortezaproject.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://musikcube.com/,musikcube,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.tine20.net,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://graphhopper.com/,GraphHopper,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lists.mailman3.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://b2evolution.net/,b2evolution CMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://zanata.org,Zanata,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.photonix.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tontof.net/feed/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://demo.kcal.cooking/login,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://openstreamingplatform.com,Open Streaming Platform,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://blitiri.com.ar/p/chasquid/,chasquid,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://guacamole.apache.org,Guacamole,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kanboard.net/,Kanboard,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bepasty-server.readthedocs.io/en/latest/,bepasty,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lancache.net,Lancache,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rei3.de/home_en/,REI3,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://demo.redmine.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://uguu.se/,Uguu,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://elgg.org/,Elgg,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://judge0.com,Judge0 CE,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://coppermine-gallery.net/demo/cpg15x/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cvsweb.openbsd.org/cgi-bin/cvsweb/src/usr.sbin/smtpd/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cactus.chat/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.concretecms.com,Concrete 5 CMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://paraio.org,Para,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openfaas.com/,OpenFaaS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://picocms.org/,Pico,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.seafile.com/en/home/,Seafile,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tileserver.readthedocs.io/,TileServer GL,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sonarr.tv/,Sonarr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_wiki_software,Comparison of wiki software - Wikipedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://quruimageserver.com/,Quru Image Server,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://onedev.io/,OneDev,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://starbeamrainbowlabs.com/labs/peppermint/build/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://passit.io/,PassIt,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://apacketofsweets.github.io/PassCheck/,PassCheck,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mantisbt.org/,MantisBT,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://erdgeist.org/arts/software/opentracker/,Opentracker,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.papermerge.com,Papermerge,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hospitalrun.io/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/projects/minidlna/,ReadyMedia,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dietpi.com/,DietPi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.azuracast.com/,AzuraCast,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://share.mapbbcode.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/bramw/baserow,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.kavitareader.com/en/kavita-demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://redaxscript.com,Redaxscript,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-only.html,GNU General Public License v3.0 only,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/yo/taskord,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.invidious.io/Invidious-Instances.md,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.bagisto.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tt-rss.org,Tiny Tiny RSS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://keithp.com/git/calypso.git,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://zammad.org/,Zammad,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hay-kot.github.io/mealie/,Mealie,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://alextselegidis.com/get/plainpad/,Plainpad,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html,Eclipse Public License, Version 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause,BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised",https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.kopano.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://packages.tine20.com/maintenance/source/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://draw.io,draw.io,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://inlets.dev/,inlets,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/mailman/hyperkitty,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://svn.redmine.org/redmine/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://feeds.twtxt.net,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.getanahita.com/,Anahita,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/0BSD,BSD Zero-Clause Licence,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cozy.io,Cozy Cloud,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kyela.net/,Kyélà,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tyk.io,Tyk,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://slingcode.net/slingcode.html,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://evergreen-ils.org,Evergreen,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.kamailio.org/w/,Kamailio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.inf-it.com/infcloud/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hextris.github.io/hextris,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://beancount.github.io/fava/,Fava,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.appsmith.com/,Appsmith,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://damselfly.info,Damselfly,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://flarum.org,Flarum,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ledgersmb.org/,LedgerSMB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.requarks.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://swiperproxy.github.io/,Swiperproxy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/Deamos/flask-nginx-rtmp-manager,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://xsrv.readthedocs.io/,xsrv,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://chamilo.org/,Chamilo LMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openbazaar.org,OpenBazaar,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://contao.org/,Contao,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.privacytools.io/,privacytools.io,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.ubergallery.net,UberGallery,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://withknown.com/,Known,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://paste.mills.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://textpattern.co/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://metronome.im/,Metronome IM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.openeclass.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.passit.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dockstarter.com/,DockSTARTer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://neko.m1k1o.net,Neko,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fhem.de/fhem.html,FHEM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://taskwarrior.org/,Taskwarrior,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://nominatim.org/,Nominatim,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://archivesspace.org/application/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-or-later.html,GNU General Public License v3.0 or later,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://komga.org,Komga,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.linkding.link/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://hub20.io/,Hub20,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://jupyterlab.github.io/jupyterlab/,JupyterLab,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://open-eats.github.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.fossil-scm.org/index.html/doc/trunk/www/index.wiki,Fossil,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.hedgedoc.org/,HedgeDoc,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/index.txt,Mozilla Public License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://chiefonboarding.com,ChiefOnboarding,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sparkleshare.org/,SparkleShare,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rei3.de/demo_en/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://nextcloudpi.com/,NextCloudPi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/cactus-comments/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.foodcoopshop.com/,FoodCoopShop,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://listmonk.app/,Listmonk,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dedicatedcode.com/projects/,paper{s}pace,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://photoprism.org,PhotoPrism,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://code.kryo.se/iodine/,iodine,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://keystonejs.com/,KeystoneJS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://benschwarz.github.io/gallery-css/,Gallery CSS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/online/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mailcare.io,MailCare,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://sane-project.org/,SANE Network Scanning,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.zimbra.com/,Zimbra Collaboration,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://stackstorm.com,StackStorm,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://haste.zneix.eu,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://frab.github.io/frab/,frab,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://bumpy-booby.derivoile.fr/,Bumpy Booby,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.redaxscript.com/login,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Licensing/BSD_with_Attribution,BSD with attribution,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.haldean.org/docstore/,Docstore,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://beets.io/,Beets,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://demo.solidus.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://babybuddy.herokuapp.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://lotgd.net/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://getleon.ai,Leon,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kerberos.io,Kerberos.io,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://typemill.net/,Typemill,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.blink.rest,Blink,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.edx.org/,edX,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mantisbt.org/bugs/my_view_page.php,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/AAL,Attribution Assurance License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.bookstackapp.com/,BookStack,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/prologic/shorturl,shorturl,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.opencart.com,OpenCart,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://postal.atech.media/,Postal,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/eupl/eupl-text-11-12,European Union Public License 1.2,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitblit.github.io/gitblit/,Gitblit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/passit,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framagit.org/fiat-tux/hat-softwares/lufi,lufi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.egroupware.org/,egroupware,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://perlcodesample.sakura.ne.jp/gitprep/gitprep.cgi,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://code.onedev.io/projects/160,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://icecast.org/apps/,Clients,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://joinplu.me/,Plume,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourceforge.net/p/minidlna/git/ci/master/tree/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://yunohost.org/,YunoHost,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.davical.org/,DAViCal,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://flaskbb.org/,FlaskBB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/prologic/wiki,wiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sdelements.github.io/lets-chat/,Lets-Chat,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mytinytodo.net/,myTinyTodo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ovenmediaengine.com,OvenMediaEngine,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.coreshop.org,CoreShop,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.atheos.io,Atheos,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cryptpad.fr/,CryptPad,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://snibox.github.io/,Snibox,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://foodcoops.net/,Foodsoft,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://stash.kopano.io,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://dfabric.github.io/DPlatform-Shell/,DPlatform,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ziahamza.github.io/webui-aria2/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tt-rss.org/the-epube,The Epube,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-demo/try.jupyter.org?urlpath=lab,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-4-Clause.html,BSD 4-clause "Original",https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://project-osrm.org/,Open Source Routing Machine (OSRM),https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/dedicatedcode/paperspace,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openmediavault.org/,OpenMediaVault,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.zenphoto.org/,Zenphoto,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tinyproxy.github.io/,Tinyproxy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.admidio.org/,admidio,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.pmwiki.org,PmWiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mailpile.is/,Mailpile,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://django-todo.org/,django-todo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lidarr.audio/,Lidarr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.couchcms.com/,CouchCMS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.dashy.to/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://libreprojects.net/,Libre Projects,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://alextselegidis.com/try/plainpad/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://silverstrike.org/,SilverStrike,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fava.pythonanywhere.com/example-with-budgets/income_statement/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitbucket.github.io/gitbucket-news/,gitbucket,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://2600hz.org/,Kazoo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.cloud.efficito.com/erp/1.5/login.pl,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0,GNU Affero General Public License 3.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://www.sane-project.org/cvs.html,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://recipesage.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sourcegraph.com,sourcegraph,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/,Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spreecommerce.org,Spree Commerce,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openolat.com/?lang=en,OpenOLAT,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lichess.org/,Lila,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://librenews.io/,LibreNews,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.roadiz.io/,Roadiz,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://opensource.org/licenses/osl-3.0.php,Open Software License 3.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
http://leanote.org/,Leanote,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/prologic/todo,todo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://jellyfin.org,Jellyfin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://koha-community.org/,Koha,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://map.project-osrm.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.gnome.org/action/show/Projects/Rygel,Rygel,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://getindico.io/,indico,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://teedy.io/,Teedy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.maptiler.com/server/,TileServer PHP,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://lobste.rs,Lobsters,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://logpaste.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.navidrome.org,Navidrome Music Server,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kutt.it,Kutt,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://drupalcommerce.org,Drupal Commerce,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.mailman3.org/projects/postorius/en/latest/,Postorius,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://calagator.org/,Calagator,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://url.mills.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gibbonedu.org/,Gibbon,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://fluxbb.org/,FluxBB,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://habitica.com/,Habitica,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://rallly.co,Rallly,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.lufi.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pymedusa.com/,Medusa,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/mushroomlabs/hub20/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.syncany.org/,Syncany,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://etherpad.org/,Etherpad,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tiddlywiki.com/,TiddlyWiki,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://oxidforge.org,OXID eShop,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.dreamfactory.com/,DreamFactory,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.youtransfer.io,YouTransfer,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.odoo.com,Odoo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.openproject.org,OpenProject,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0-only.html,GNU Affero General Public License 3.0 only,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitea.io,Gitea,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://spdx.org/licenses/GFDL-1.1-only.html,GNU Free Documentation License v1.1,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pluxml.org,PluXml,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://easyindie.app,Easy Indie App,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.mytinytodo.net/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://koha-community.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.uvdesk.com/,UVDesk,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://docs.tandoor.dev/,Tandoor Recipes,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://snibox-demo.herokuapp.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://livehelperchat.com/,Live Helper Chat,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.traccar.org/,Traccar,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://openmeetings.apache.org/index.html,Openmeetings,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://couchpota.to/,CouchPotato,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tube.mills.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://juntagrico.org/,juntagrico,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/,Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 International License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framagit.org/fiat-tux/hat-softwares/lufi/tree/master,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://thingspeak.com/,Thingspeak,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.navidrome.org/demo,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ihatemoney.org/,IHateMoney,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kinto.readthedocs.org,Kinto,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.jellyfin.org/stable,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://tooljet.io/,ToolJet,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gitlab.com/mailman/postorius/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://learn.olat.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://kyela.net/concert/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://try.gogs.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://standardnotes.com,Standard Notes,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://codeberg.org/jlelse/MailyGo,MailyGo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.opensupports.com/,OpenSupports,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.ilias.de,ILIAS,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.traccar.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.apache.org/licenses/,Apache, Version 2.0,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wiki.mills.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.admidio.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.sandstorm.io/appdemo/h37dm17aa89yrd8zuqpdn36p6zntumtv08fjpu8a8zrte7q1cn60,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://firefly-iii.org/,Firefly III,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://todo.mills.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://t.me/GiveMeShortLinkBot,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.vimbadmin.net/,ViMbAdmin,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://exadel.com/solutions/compreface/,Exadel CompreFace,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.gigablast.com/,Gigablast,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://sandbox.getindico.io/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://form.io,form.io,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://wakapi.dev/,Wakapi,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.ovenplayer.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ihatemoney.org/demo/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://cowyo.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.pictshare.net/,PictShare,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://documen.tician.de/relate/,RELATE,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://livekit.io/,LiveKit,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://pagure.io/pagure,Pagure,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://geneweb.tuxfamily.org/wiki/GeneWeb,GeneWeb,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.uvdesk.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://heimdall.site/,Heimdall,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://thingspeak.com/channels/public,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://app.tandoor.dev/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://gnu.io/fm/,GNU FM,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://usegood.work/,Goodwork,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://getfider.com,Fider,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://planka.app/,Planka,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.limesurvey.org,LimeSurvey,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.mills.io/prologic/tube,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://joinpeertube.org/en/,PeerTube,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://meilisearch.com,MeiliSearch,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://plik.root.gg/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://ofbiz.apache.org/,OFBiz,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://designedbyashw.in/test/hiccup/,Hiccup,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.accent.reviews/,Accent,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://livekit.io/playground,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://searx.github.io/searx/,Searx,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.geneweb.tuxfamily.org/gw7/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.videolan.org/,VideoLAN Client (VLC),https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.django-wiki.org/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.fider.io,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.prestashop.com/,PrestaShop,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.limesurvey.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://schleuder.nadir.org/,Schleuder,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://matrix.org/docs/projects/client/matrix-console-web,Matrix Console Web,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://localfoodnodes.org/,Local Food Nodes,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.prestashop.com/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://searx.me/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.zoneminder.com/,Zoneminder,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framadate.org/,Framadate,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/librefm.git/,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://links.zrd.sh,LinkPage,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.zentao.pm/,ZenTao,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://framadate.org/aqg259dth55iuhwm,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.2fauth.app/,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.sendmail.com/pdfs/open_source/sendmail_license.pdf,Sendmail License,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://koel.dev/,koel,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://anchr.io,Anchr,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://0xacab.org/schleuder/schleuder/tree/master,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://git.framasoft.org/framasoft/framadate,Source Code,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://koozic.net/,KooZic,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://nofussbm.herokuapp.com/signup.html,No Fuss Bookmarks,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.koozic.net/public,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://demo.shaarli.org,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://oupala.github.io/apaxy/,Apaxy,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://www.directorylister.com/,DirectoryLister,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://radium-demo.herokuapp.com,Demo,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://nextcloud.com/,Nextcloud,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted
https://apps.nextcloud.com/,more,https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted#readme,Self Hosted