https://liberapay.com/AkiraUX/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/GIMP/,GIMP,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://forum.thirtybees.com/support-thirty-bees/,Thirty Bees,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/icculus/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/microG/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/Wesnoth,Battle for Wesnoth,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://transmissionbt.com/donate/,Transmission,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://armory3d.org/fund,Armory,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/prokoudine,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/JabRef,JabRef,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://www.paypal.com/donate/?token=u2pjZRmcQ2ZHaiP2Ce_wYNgGYrjrOL0xc_1zq9iDrO0uElfo24bMYFuSh48Hrpgm_66GF0&country.x=US&locale.x=US,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/alyssa/,Alyssa Rosenzweig,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/stikonas,Andrius Štikonas,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/Weblate,Weblate,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://paypal.me/mowgliiapps,Sanjay Madan,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://drewdevault.com/donate/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://fund.blender.org/,Blender,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/SirCmpwn,#3,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/Flammie,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://cash.me/$Mowglii,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/kkremitzki,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/yorik,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/pippin/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/nijel/,Michal Čihař,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/ngraham,Nate Graham,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/Bisqwit,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://steadyhq.com/en/bisqwit,#3,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/phalcon,Phalcon,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/obsproject,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/bookwyrm,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://www.tipeee.com/zemarmot,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/ZeMarmot/,#3,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/,Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 license,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/vapor,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/duplicati,Duplicati,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/open-chemistry,Open Chemistry,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/generator-jhipster,JHipster,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/latte-dock,Latte Dock,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://www.paypal.me/LineageOS,LineageOS,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/mobian/,Mobian,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/opensourcebim,Open Source BIM Collective,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/SFTtech/,openage,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/f-droid,F-Droid,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/F-Droid-Data/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/lollipop-cloud-team,Lollipop Cloud,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/Mastodon/,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/matrixdotorg,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/qubes-os,Qubes OS,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/perkeep,Perkeep,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/ReactOS/,ReactOS,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://freecadweb.org/wiki/Donate,FreeCAD,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/mypaint,MyPaint,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/wikijs,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/xfce,Xfce,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/neovim,Neovim,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/Zrythm,Zrythm,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/pixelfed,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/pixelfed,#3,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://remmina.org/donations/,Remmina,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/getsolus,Solus,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/ubuntustudio,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://liberapay.com/UBports,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/funkwhale,Funkwhale,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons
https://opencollective.com/apexchartsjs,#2,https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme,Software Patreons