http://dwheeler.com/flawfinder/,flawfinder,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7622-php-inspections-ea-extended-,Php Inspections (EA Extended),https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://crystal-lang.org,crystal,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://insight.symfony.com/,Symfony Insight,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://splint.org,splint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://analysis-tools.dev/,,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://dpnishant.github.io/jsprime,JSPrime,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://unimport.hakancelik.dev,unimport,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.mypy-lang.org,mypy,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://kha.github.io/electrolysis,electrolysis,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://npo-echelon.ru/en/solutions/appchecker.php,AppChecker,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rome.tools/,Rome,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://cssstats.com,CSS Stats,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://offensive360.com/,Offensive 360,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://qafoolabs.github.io/php-refactoring-browser,PHP Refactoring Browser,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pub.dev/packages/dart_code_metrics,Dart Code Metrics,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_program_analysis,Wikipedia,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.hello2morrow.com/products/sotograph,Soto Platform,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://frama-c.com,Frama-C,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.shellcheck.net,shellcheck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://svf-tools.github.io/SVF,SVF,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://sider.github.io/goodcheck,Goodcheck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://sysdig.com/,sysdig,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.checkov.io,checkov,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.reshiftsecurity.com,Reshift,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://docs.shisho.dev/,shisho,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pycodequ.al,PyCodeQual,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://spinroot.com/cobra,Cobra,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://csslint.net,CSSLint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://fsprojects.github.io/FSharpLint,FSharpLint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://opensecurity.in,NodeJSScan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.adacore.com/about-spark,SPARK,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://docs.rubocop.org/rubocop,RuboCop,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://developer.apple.com/xcode,XCode,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://owasp.org/www-community/Source_Code_Analysis_Tools,OWASP Source Code Analysis Tools,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://protofire.github.io/solhint,solhint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/mlint.html,mlint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://security-code-scan.github.io,Roslyn Security Guard,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pear.php.net/package/PHP_CodeSniffer,PHP_CodeSniffer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.perforce.com/products/helix-qac,Helix QAC,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pub.dev/packages/effective_dart,effective_dart,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.sourcemeter.com/,SourceMeter,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://graphmycss.com,GraphMyCSS.com,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.justanotherhacker.com,graudit,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.parasoft.com/,parasoft,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://retirejs.github.io/retire.js,retire.js,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/manual/html_node/Options.html,gawk --lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://vuls.io/,Vuls,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://code.yorickpeterse.com/ruby-lint/latest,ruby-lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://nim-lang.org/docs/drnim.html,DrNim,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://gitlab.com/opennota/check,aligncheck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://realm.github.io/SwiftLint,SwiftLint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://staticcheck.io,staticcheck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://soot-oss.github.io/soot,Soot,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.pm.inf.ethz.ch/research/prusti.html,Prusti,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://scrutinizer-ci.com,Scrutinizer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tools_for_static_code_analysis,Wikipedia,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://validator.github.io/validator/,Nu Html Checker,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://securityonline.info/owasp-wap-web-application-protection-project,WAP,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pmd.github.io,PMD,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://dart-lang.github.io/linter,Linter for dart,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://mamuz.github.io/PhpDependencyAnalysis,PhpDependencyAnalysis,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.devexpress.com/products/coderush,CodeRush,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://wemake-python-stylegui.de,wemake-python-styleguide,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.cqse.eu/en/teamscale/overview/,Teamscale,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://joern.io,Joern,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://protofire.io,https://protofire.io,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.ptsecurity.com/ww-en/products/ai,Application Inspector,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/128836/InDepth_Static_Code_Analysis.php,John Carmack (Creator of Doom),https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pycodestyle.pycqa.org/en/latest,pycodestyle,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.absint.com/astree/index.htm,Astr√©e,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.code-intelligence.com,Code Intelligence,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://docs.chef.io/cookstyle.html,cookstyle,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://endler.dev,Matthias Endler,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rust-analyzer.github.io,rust-analyzer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://metricfu.github.io/Saikuro,Saikuro,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rhysd.github.io/actionlint,actionlint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://sleekbyte.github.io/tailor,Tailor,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://postcss.org,PostCSS,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.phpdoc.org,phpDocumentor,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://spoon.gforge.inria.fr,Spoon,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ldra.com,LDRA,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://felipezorzo.com.br/zpa/,ZPA,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://bitbucket.org/verateam/vera/wiki/Introduction,vera++,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.cprover.org/cbmc,CBMC,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://trunk.io,trunk,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://prettier.io,Prettier,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.freepik.com,Designed by Freepik,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://mdformat.rtfd.io,mdformat,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.html-tidy.org,HTML Tidy,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://deepcode.ai,,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Programs/Frink,Frink,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://spotbugs.github.io,SpotBugs,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rubygems.org/gems/sandi_meter,SandiMeter,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://code-cracker.github.io,code-cracker,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://rslint.org/,RSLint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.projectwallace.com,Project Wallace CSS Analyzer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.sqlfluff.com/,SQLFluff,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.tmssoftware.com/site/fixinsight.asp,Fix Insight,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://semgrep.dev,Semgrep,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.codeac.io/?ref=awesome-static-analysis,Codeac,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.pydocstyle.org,pydocstyle,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/xcode.html,Clang's,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://solarappscreener.com,APPscreener,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.designite-tools.com/designitejava,DesigniteJava,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://golang.org/cmd/vet,go vet,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://phpmd.org,PHPMD,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://aetherjs.com,aether,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://sorbet.org,Sorbet,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://remark.js.org,remark-lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.gimpel.com,PC-lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.scitools.com,Understand,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.hcltechsw.com/products/appscan,HCL AppScan Source,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://groupon.github.io/codeburner,codeburner,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://golang.org/pkg/testing,test,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://datree.io/,Datree,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.tomasvotruba.com/blog/2017/05/03/combine-power-of-php-code-sniffer-and-php-cs-fixer-in-3-lines,EasyCodingStandard,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://r2c.dev/,,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pypi.org/project/pyflakes,pyflakes,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.archunit.org,ArchUnit,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ethlint.readthedocs.io/en/latest,solium,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://xenon.readthedocs.io,xenon,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://squawkhq.com,squawk,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://kics.io/,kics,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://peganza.com/products_pal.html,Pascal Analyzer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler,Closure Compiler,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://html-validate.org/,HTML-Validate,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://semmle.com,Semmle QL and LGTM,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://fbinfer.com,Infer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.foodcritic.io,foodcritic,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://standardjs.com,standard,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://bitbucket.org/yanniss/doop,Doop,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://bettercodehub.com,Better Code Hub,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.phpmetrics.org,PhpMetrics,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://codiga.io/,,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://mangothecat.github.io/goodpractice,goodpractice,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://esprima.org,Esprima,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.visual-expert.com,Visual Expert,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://c2rust.com,C2Rust,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://codenarc.github.io/CodeNarc,CodeNarc,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pvs-studio.com,PVS-Studio,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://peganza.com/products_pex.html,Pascal Expert,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://htmlhint.com,HTMLHint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ternjs.net,tern,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.codescan.io/,CodeScan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://jonassebastianohlsson.com/specificity-graph,Specificity Graph,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://terraform-compliance.com,terraform-compliance,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.castsoftware.com/products/highlight,CAST Highlight,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://sourceforge.net/projects/nagelfar,Nagelfar,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://unibeautify.com,Unibeautify,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://flow.org,flow,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.shiftleft.io,ShiftLeft,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://styler.r-lib.org,styler,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://errorprone.info,Error-prone,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://kowainik.github.io/projects/stan,Stan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://abaplint.org,abaplint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rustsec.org,cargo-audit,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://azsk.azurewebsites.net/,AzSK,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://phasar.org,Phasar,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.scalastyle.org,Scalastyle,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.laravel-enlightn.com/,Enlightn,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://codelyzer.com,Codelyzer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.designite-tools.com,Designite,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://edgedesigncz.github.io/phpqa,PHPQA,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://haxecheckstyle.github.io/docs/haxe-checkstyle/home.html,Haxe Checkstyle,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://typl.dev,TypL,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://hegel.js.org,hegel,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://tools.android.com/tips/lint,Android Lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest,pylint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://fb-contrib.sourceforge.net,fb-contrib,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://stoplight.io/open-source/spectral,Spectral,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://docs.abapopenchecks.org,abapOpenChecks,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://yamllint.readthedocs.io,yamllint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://codechecker.readthedocs.io/en/latest,codechecker,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://stil4m.github.io/elm-analyse,elm-analyse,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.mathworks.com/products/polyspace-bug-finder.html,Polyspace Bug Finder,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://clang.llvm.org/extra/clang-tidy,clang-tidy,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.wartremover.org,WartRemover,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://embarkstudios.github.io/cargo-deny,cargo-deny,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.blackducksoftware.com,Black Duck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://brakemanscanner.org,brakeman,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://phpstan.org,PHPStan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://anchore.io,anchore,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.jetbrains.com/upsource,Upsource,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://metacpan.org/pod/Perl::Critic,Perl::Critic,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.mathworks.com/products/polyspace-code-prover.html,Polyspace Code Prover,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pvs-studio.com/en/order/open-source-license,conditionally free,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ghidra-sre.org,Ghidra,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.mono-project.com/docs/tools+libraries/tools/gendarme,Gendarme,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.checkmarx.com/products/static-application-security-testing,Checkmarx CxSAST,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://open.afterthedeadline.com,After the Deadline,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://package.elm-lang.org/packages/jfmengels/elm-review/latest,elm-review,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://checkerframework.org,Checker Framework,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://stylelint.io,Stylelint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://codescene.com,CodeScene,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://detekt.github.io/detekt,detekt,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pyre-check.org,pyre-check,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.jetbrains.com/idea,IntelliJ IDEA,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://jshint.com/about,jshint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.nongnu.org/chktex,ChkTeX,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://kube-score.com,kube-score,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://cpachecker.sosy-lab.org,CPAchecker,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://passy.github.io/android-lint-summary,android-lint-summary,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://klen.github.io/pylama/,pylama,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://golang.org/pkg/go/ast,go/ast,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://slscan.io,ShiftLeft Scan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy,clippy,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://psalm.dev,Psalm,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://kmdr.sh,kmdr,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ruby.sadi.st/Flay.html,flay,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.getclayton.com/,Clayton,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://checkstyle.org,checkstyle,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.exakat.io,exakat,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ktlint.github.io,ktlint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.ndepend.com,NDepend,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SharpDevelopTeam.RefactoringEssentialsforVisualStudio,Refactoring Essentials,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://insidersec.io,InsiderSec,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.adacore.com/codepeer,Codepeer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://alexjs.com,alex,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/14698-luanalysis,Luanalysis,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://kubeval.instrumenta.dev,kubeval,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://dickgrune.com/Programs/similarity_tester/,Similarity Tester,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.kitploit.com/2020/08/iblessing-ios-security-exploiting.html,iblessing,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pkg.go.dev/mvdan.cc/sh/v3,sh,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.jarchitect.com,JArchitect,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://bandit.readthedocs.io/en/latest,bandit,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://coala.io,coala,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://ruby.sadi.st/Flog.html,flog,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://trismegiste.github.io/Mondrian,Mondrian,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.mathworks.com/products/polyspace-ada.html,Polyspace for Ada,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/dialyzer.html,dialyzer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.npmjs.com/package/tslint-clean-code,tslint-clean-code,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/scan-build.html,scan-build,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pyre-check.org/docs/pysa-basics.html,Pysa,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.kiuwan.com/code-security-sast,Kiuwan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.veracode.com/products/static-analysis-sast/static-code-analysis,Veracode,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper,ReSharper,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.hex-rays.com/products/ida/support/download_freeware,IDA Free,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://oversecured.com,Oversecured,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://dotenv-linter.readthedocs.io/en/latest,dotenv-linter,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://railroader.org,Railroader,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://vs.sonarlint.org,SonarLint for Visual Studio,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.open-scap.org/,OpenSCAP,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.grammatech.com/products/codesonar,CodeSonar from GrammaTech,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.perforce.com/products/klocwork,Klocwork,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://codefactor.io,CodeFactor,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.trailofbits.com/post/write-rust-lints-without-forking-clippy,dylint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.ctan.org/pkg/lacheck,lacheck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pumasecurity.io,Puma Scan,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net,cppcheck,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://jwilk.net/software/mwic,Misspelled Words In Context,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://nitpick-ci.com,Nitpick CI,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://fbredex.com,redex,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://google.github.io/pytype,pytype,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.cprover.org/jbmc,JBMC,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.ripstech.com,RIPS,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://nvuillam.github.io/mega-linter/,Mega-Linter,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.codiga.io,Codiga,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://coala.io/languages,over 60 languages,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.spinellis.gr/sw/ckjm,ckjm,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.sonatype.com,Sonatype,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rustwasm.github.io/twiggy,Twiggy,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.getcodeflow.com,CodeFlow,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt,gofmt -s,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.cppdepend.com,CppDepend,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pdepend.org,pdepend,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://www.coffeelint.org,coffeelint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://errorprone.info/,Error Prone,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://patterson-consulting.net/tds,Test Design Studio,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://lintian.debian.org,lintian,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://proselint.com,proselint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable,Black,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://rails-bestpractices.com,rails_best_practices,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://cs.symfony.com,PHP Coding Standards Fixer,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://zydis.re,zydis,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.whitehatsec.com/platform/static-application-security-testing,WhiteHat Application Security Platform,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/goimports,goimports,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://crystal-ameba.github.io,ameba,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://texlab.netlify.app,TeXLab,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://oclint.org,oclint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pybowler.io/,Bowler,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://docs.errata.ai/vale/about,vale,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://phpinsights.com,PHP Insights,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.synopsys.com/software-integrity/security-testing/static-analysis-sast.html,Coverity,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://golangci-lint.run,GolangCI-Lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.spinellis.gr/cscout,CScout,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://owasp.org/www-project-dependency-check,OWASP Dependency Check,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://radon.readthedocs.io/en/latest,radon,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.qualys.com/apps/container-security,Qualys Container Security,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-lint,ansible-lint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.eclipse.org/cognicrypt,CogniCrypt,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://commitlint.js.org,commitlint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pypi.org/project/fixit,fixit,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.qulice.com,qulice,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.shiftleft.io/ocular/,ocular,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.veripool.org/verilator,Verilator,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://deepsource.io,DeepSource,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
http://esbmc.org,ESBMC,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://submain.com/products/codeit.right.aspx,CodeIt.Right,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://securego.io,gosec (gas),https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://cyber-security.claranet.fr/en/codepatrol,CodePatrol,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/gotype,gotype,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://jedi.readthedocs.io/en/latest,jedi,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://revive.run,revive,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=portlint&sektion=1&manpath=FreeBSD+8.1-RELEASE+and+Ports,portlint,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://resources.bishopfox.com/resources/tools/google-hacking-diggity/attack-tools/,SearchDiggity,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://pypi.org/project/mccabe,mccabe,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://mythx.io,MythX,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://coderrect.com/,Coderrect,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://embold.io,Embold,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://find-sec-bugs.github.io,Find Security Bugs,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality
https://software.microfocus.com/en-us/products/static-code-analysis-sast/overview,Fortify,https://github.com/analysis-tools-dev/static-analysis#readme,Static Analysis & Code Quality