https://konsole.kde.org/,Konsole,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://nixos.org/nix/,nix,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://irssi.org/,irssi,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://terminalsare.sexy/,,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.npmjs.com/,npmjs,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://cygwin.com/,cygwin,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.reddit.com/r/commandline,/r/commandline,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://pip.pypa.io/,pip,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.macterm.net/,MacTerm,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://ninite.com/,ninite,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://nikolaskama.me/,blog,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.reddit.com/r/osxterminal,/r/osxterminal,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
http://byobu.co/,byobu,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://ruckzuck.tools/,ruckzuck,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://fishshell.com/,fish,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.putty.org/,PuTTY,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.reddit.com/r/zsh/,/r/zsh/,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://xon.sh/,xonsh,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://gnunn1.github.io/tilix-web/,Tilix,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://rubygems.org/,rubygems,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://scoop.sh/,scoop,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/,/r/unixporn/,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://docs.xfce.org/apps/terminal/start,Xfce Terminal,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.zsh.org/,zsh,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://hisham.hm/htop/,htop,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=bash,#bash,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://invisible-island.net/xterm/,xterm,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/terminal,Stack Overflow,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://windowspackager.org/documentation/wpkg,wpkg,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.bpkg.sh/,bpkg,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
http://spacemacs.org,spacemacs,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://yarnpkg.com/en/,yarn,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://getcomposer.org,composer,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://sourceforge.net/projects/console,Console,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.gnu.org/software/guix/,guix,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.jedsoft.org/jed/,jed,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
http://www.finkproject.org/,fink,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Terminal,GNOME Terminal,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://kakoune.org/,kakoune,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://brew.sh/,homebrew,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.gnu.org/software/screen/,GNU Screen,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.macports.org/,macports,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://spacevim.org,SpaceVim,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://neovim.io,neovim,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
http://pkgin.net/,pkgin,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://zipzapmac.com/Go2Shell,Go2Shell,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
http://kitty.9bis.net/,KiTTY,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://transfer.sh/,transfer.sh,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://vifm.info/,vifm,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://yadm.io,yadm,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
https://www.centerim.org/index.php/Main_Page,centerim,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy
http://www.epicsol.org/,epic,https://github.com/k4m4/terminals-are-sexy#readme,Terminals Are Sexy