https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-oceanic-next,hyperterm-oceanic-next,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperborder,hyperborder,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-safepaste,hyperterm-safepaste,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-theme,hyper-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-visual,hyper-visual,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperhue,hyperhue,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-mac-controls,hyper-mac-controls,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-hipster,hyperterm-hipster,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu-light,hyper-ayu-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-postprocessing,hyper-postprocessing,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-github-dark-dimmed,hyper-github-dark-dimmed,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-materialshell,hyper-materialshell,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-tabs,hyperterm-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-bold-tab,hyperterm-bold-tab,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/verminal,verminal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-transparent-bg,hyper-transparent-bg,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpower,hyperpower,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-crosshair,hyperterm-crosshair,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-thirtyone,hyper-thirtyone,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-sierra,hyper-sierra,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypercwd,hypercwd,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-terminal-tabs,hyper-terminal-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-broadcast,hyper-broadcast,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-transparent,hyper-transparent,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://npmjs.com/package/hyper-media-control,,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-one-light,hyper-one-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-horizon,hyperterm-horizon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/git-falcon9,git-falcon9,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-midnight,hyper-midnight,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypernasa,hypernasa,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperzsh,hyperzsh,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-github-light,hyper-github-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-visor,hyperterm-visor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-cursor,hyperterm-cursor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-close-on-left,hyperterm-close-on-left,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-white-theme,hyper-white-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu-light-special,hyper-ayu-light-special,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-cobalt2-theme,hyperterm-cobalt2-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-dark-scrollbar,hyper-dark-scrollbar,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-focus-reporting,hyperterm-focus-reporting,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-snazzy,hyper-snazzy,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperdocs,hyperdocs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/htyt,htyt,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-hybrid,hyperterm-hybrid,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-folder-icon,hyper-folder-icon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperocean,hyperocean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-monochrome,hyper-monochrome,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-criollo,hyper-criollo,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/an-old-hype,an-old-hype,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-init,hyper-init,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-mactabs,hyperterm-mactabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-papercolor,hyper-papercolor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-spotify,hyper-spotify,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-gruv,hyper-gruv,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-zenburn,hyper-zenburn,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypersixteen,hypersixteen,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-pane,hyper-pane,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-john,hyper-john,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-dark,hyper-solarized-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu-mirage,hyper-ayu-mirage,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-colors,hyperterm-colors,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-cyan,hyper-cyan,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-monokai-deluxe,hyper-monokai-deluxe,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-search,hyper-search,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpanic,hyperpanic,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-retro,hyperterm-retro,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-gcp-status-line,hyper-gcp-status-line,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-final-say,hyper-final-say,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-sync-settings,hyper-sync-settings,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tab-touchbar,hyper-tab-touchbar,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-background,hyper-background,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hybrid-reduced-contrast,hyper-hybrid-reduced-contrast,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-light-drifter,hyperterm-light-drifter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-peacock,hyper-peacock,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-bloody,hyper-bloody,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-always-on-top,hyper-always-on-top,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperlinks,hyperlinks,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://hyperthemes.matthi.coffee,Hyper Themes screenshot browser,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-electron-highlighter,hyper-electron-highlighter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypergoogle,hypergoogle,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-stylesheet,hyper-stylesheet,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-drifter,hyperterm-dark-drifter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-sourcerer,hyperterm-sourcerer,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-overlay,hyperterm-overlay,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpunk,hyperpunk,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-summon,hyperterm-summon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-zigorat,hyper-zigorat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-vertical-tabs,hyper-vertical-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-command-gifs,hyper-command-gifs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperalfred,hyperalfred,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-darkmatter,hyper-darkmatter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hypest,hyper-hypest,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-electron-highlighter,hyperterm-electron-highlighter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-statusline,hyper-statusline,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-material-spacegray,hyperterm-material-spacegray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-pokemon,hyper-pokemon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-captain-sweetheart,hyper-captain-sweetheart,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-moonlite,hyper-moonlite,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-transparent-dynamic,hyper-transparent-dynamic,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperduck,hyperduck,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-spacegray,hyperterm-spacegray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperlayout,hyperlayout,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperambient,hyperambient,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-paste,hyperterm-paste,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-overlay,hyper-overlay,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-opacity,hyper-opacity,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperinator,hyperinator,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypersolar-dark,hypersolar-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/themer,themer,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-polarbear,hyper-polarbear,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-loved,hyper-loved,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-chesterish,hyper-chesterish,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-firewatch,hyperterm-firewatch,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-fusion,hyperterm-dark-fusion,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-cat,hyper-cat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-tomorrow-night,hyperterm-tomorrow-night,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-quit,hyper-quit,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-vsplit-fix,hyper-vsplit-fix,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-autohide-tabs,hyper-autohide-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-material,hyperterm-material,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-dracula,hyper-dracula,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-lastpass,hyperterm-lastpass,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-nord,hyper-nord,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-statusline-extended,hyper-statusline-extended,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-native-window-decoration,hyper-native-window-decoration,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperatompunk,hyperatompunk,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-city-lights,hyper-city-lights,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-drop-file,hyper-drop-file,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ramda,hyper-ramda,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-adventure-time,hyper-adventure-time,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-custom-touchbar,hyper-custom-touchbar,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tab-icons,hyper-tab-icons,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hide-title,hyper-hide-title,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-confirm,hyper-confirm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-macos,hyper-macos,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperminimal,hyperminimal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-mild-dark,hyperterm-mild-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-ubuntu-theme,hyperterm-ubuntu-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-light,hyper-solarized-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypernpm,hypernpm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-macos,hyperterm-dark-macos,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-save-windowstate,hyper-save-windowstate,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-cat-cursor,hyper-cat-cursor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-oceans16,hyper-oceans16,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hide-scroll,hyper-hide-scroll,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-adventurous,hyperterm-adventurous,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperblue-vibrancy,hyperblue-vibrancy,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-altair,hyper-altair,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-dnd-tabs,hyper-dnd-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://draculatheme.com/hyper/,Dracula theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 308: 'Permanent Redirect'> | reason: Permanent Redirect
https://www.npmjs.com/package/config-hyperterm,config-hyperterm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-mahoushoujo,hyper-mahoushoujo,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-relaxed,hyper-relaxed,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-autoprofile,hyper-autoprofile,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-monokai,hyperterm-monokai,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-one,hyper-solarized-one,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-startup,hyper-startup,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/gitrocket,gitrocket,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-ultrasweet,hyperterm-ultrasweet,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-wal,hyper-wal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-match,hyper-match,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-atom-dark-transparent,hyper-atom-dark-transparent,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-deep-space,hyperterm-deep-space,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-rose-pine,hyper-rose-pine,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tabs-enhanced,hyper-tabs-enhanced,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-oldschool,hyper-oldschool,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-atom-dark,hyperterm-atom-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-firewatch,hyper-firewatch,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperblue,hyperblue,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-manager,hyper-manager,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-material-box,hyper-material-box,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tabs-autohide,hyper-tabs-autohide,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-star-wars,hyper-star-wars,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypergravity,hypergravity,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-systray,hyper-systray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-unlease,hyperterm-unlease,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-fileio,hyper-fileio,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-new-moon-theme,hyperterm-new-moon-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-duotone-darkspace,hyperterm-duotone-darkspace,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-gooey,hyperterm-gooey,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-seashells,hyper-seashells,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-flat-2,hyper-flat-2,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-omni-theme,hyper-omni-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-base-16-ocean,hyperterm-base-16-ocean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypertheme,hypertheme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-aurora,hyper-aurora,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-history,hyper-history,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-open-devtools,hyperterm-open-devtools,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/space-pull,space-pull,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-window-size,hyper-window-size,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-gruvbox-dark,hyperterm-gruvbox-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-sweet,hyper-sweet,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-wp-theme,hyperterm-wp-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-flat,hyper-flat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-aww,hyper-aww,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-clean,hyper-clean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-install-devtools,hyperterm-install-devtools,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-teatime,hyper-teatime,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests